boom here we go
yes buddy how are you great good to be
here we were talking before the podcast
about people who get mad when I have you
on like is if you're some sort of a
monster if you're you're a mean person
but I don't I say you're a New York Jew
your snarky yeah say funny things but
this idea that you're a Nazi or
something like people of gotten so this
is this icebreaker hey by the way why do
people think you're not see someone sent
me
I don't read comments on Twitter but
someone sent me something like you
having this guy on today and I'm like
that is so hilarious I go this guy is
yeah there's some shit you say I don't
agree with sure you're very reasonable
and very intelligent yeah the last
chapter of the book is me arguing with
the nuts conversation folks it's not bad
it's not bad well it's kind of for them
a religious thing right if someone is a
sinner
you can't acknowledge them they have to
be outside of the fort that's a good way
to look at it that is what it is you
know what's interesting it's I know
these people don't mean to do this this
is not their plan but if you wanted to
keep Donald Trump in office the would
the way that people that oppose Donald
Trump are behaving is the perfect way to
keep them in office if you tell high
schoolers if you smoke your parents are
gonna get upset and the teachers are
gonna get upset that's the biggest
commercial right right so you tell these
kids hey if you go to these websites and
read these books then your parents and
the establishment and the teachers are
all gonna be afraid of you well sign me
up I mean it's as simple as that the
same exact psychology and they're
driving people to the fringe they are
and the the deep platforming thing is
fascinating because the way this stuff
works folks is when people get deep
platform the first people that will get
deep platformed are people that you
agree with getting deep platformed
people like you know I'll go real Nazi
like someone who's an avowed white
supremacy like yeah deep platform that
guy and that's a little slippery cuz
then it's like this guy's a suspected
Nazi or this guy is friends with a Nazi
or this guy had a right see on his show
this guy had a white supremacist on the
show
this guy had a guy who thinks it's okay
to be white on his show and then it gets
it gets more as it gets more and more
progressive it gets more and more
preposterous but it really is great once
you accept one grade then you drop below
it a little bit more preposterous and
then that's acceptable and then a little
bit more and then that becomes accepted
and it's a double standard between
people who are Orthodox and people who
are unorthodox Barbara Walters sat down
with Castro she sat down with Qaddafi
who's killed how many people yeah that's
fine you could sit down with the
murderous dictator if you're Qaddafi if
you sit down with someone at a podcast
with someone who has all point views
that is somehow different what's a new
thing right it's a platforming and deep
platforming and you put putting this guy
on your platform like all this this kind
of this kind of communication is very
new I just didn't exist no one was
saying that to Mike Wallace no one no
one's saying that as you're saying to
Barbara Walters that was my argument to
the daily ins data and society lady I
said oh Jesus I said Barbara Walters
interviewed Fidel Castro does that make
her a communist like right and I
interviewed Milo am i a gay conservative
provocateur now are you I don't think so
well I mean what what what they what
they're trying to do is thanks to social
media they no longer have a monopoly and
I don't mean they have just mean like
Orthodox thought doesn't mean left-wing
a right-wing Orthodox thought no longer
has a monopoly on the microphone and
that's very dangerous if you want to
basically set the boundaries of what
acceptable discourse is same thing with
forget politics suck up music right if
you want to say these are the cunt you
shouldn't have lyrics like this people
shouldn't dance like this they shouldn't
you know dress a certain way this is
what they would like I mean back in the
90s you remember they'd have the warning
labels on CDs and says this has explicit
lyrics yeah and that way Walmart could
with clean hands say we're not being
involved politics we're following their
rules so that's what this data society
lady's trying to do it's like okay I'm
giving you target whatever company an
excuse these are the people you don't
need to deal with and then they could
say well it's not up to us we're looking
at this from an external point of view
well and also my perspective on is it
there's certain subjects I think that we
can all agree we need to cover and we
need to deal with in terms of laws and
terms of the way the government is run
but a lot of these disagreements aren't
on that a lot of these disagreements
seem to be just on political ideologies
and like liberal versus conservative
ideologies and people think differently
they have different styles of behavior
and thinking this is why like if you had
a station that played hip-hop and all of
a sudden you just got a bunch of
Aerosmith songs playing like what the
fuck is this this is not what I want get
this off the station except for walk
this way that's good well the one with
run diems yeah that was one exception
but that that's sort of how a lot of
people seem to be approaching
conservative versus progressive thinking
is it's like once you have this mindset
you don't want to hear other opinions as
if they're gonna influence you or if you
don't like the way they sound you don't
like what they're do and you want to get
them off the channel and this is what it
seems like is happening with social
media platform right is that these
social media platforms are like we're a
country station we don't play heavy
metal get that shit off our network like
we are a progressive network we don't
play conservative get that stuff off
well if they had said that we're
progressive network wave like I serve
that would be honest and fair but the
claim is no we're banning people who are
doing X Y & Z yeah and you know for
people that are like oh my god they're
talking about this again
fuckers listen this is really important
shit this is gonna decide how we this is
this didn't exist before
okay and now it does now we have this
unbelievable ability to communicate and
I'm enjoying it right now talking to you
right we're all enjoying it if you're
tweeting about this or writing comments
about this but it's if this really
branches off until one side get to do it
and one side doesn't we're gonna have a
fucking tremendous problem in this
country if you think that this problem
that we have right now and it's it's
just starting to be an issue over the
last couple years if you think that this
is what this could escalate like a
serious conflict which I mean almost
like it's it's absolutely reasonable to
think that violence could come out of
this well the Trump presidency was
escalation before Trump it was okay
fake news was this left idea that like
this you know these new sites are
putting out lies you your if your point
of view is different too
it's not just wrong it's illegitimate
right and a lot of people in that both
in booth and said you want a legitimacy
ok I'm voting for Donald Trump for
president and now he's in the White
House so for you to say that people to
say that these ideas you know are evil
and shouldn't be discussed those are
separate concepts because even if you
think they're evil if from your point of
view it's in the White House are you
going to pretend this isn't the most
powerful man in the world it's there's a
big contradiction there but one of the
things progressivism offers many people
is this idea of truth and certainty
knowing you're one of the good guys and
knowing you're in the majority and when
you find that that is not always true I
think that causes some cognitive stress
yeah no I would absolutely agree with
that I just think there's a real problem
that's happening now with some of the
accounts that I'm seeing getting banned
without reason without reason for things
that are like parody accounts well our
pay dogdom so I interrupt you he's the
one who made this great meme during the
State of the Union where he's had
President Trump and all the piece of
footage from the State of the Union of
the Democrats looking pissed and he put
it over the song everybody hurts right
this two-minute video it's it's a joke
it's fun right you could see on staring
live and you don't have to be Republican
or Democrat to to laugh at sourpusses
they got his copyright strike because
it's like you're on the right to use the
music Trump had retweeted it he put on
another one
he just got suspended for a week he did
the the video from my book so they know
here's the thing if someone is a name
you can say hey delete this tweet it
violates our guidelines right you given
warnings you could call their manager
they don't do that
you're just vanished overnight and
there's something very Soviet about this
because when they vanish you your entire
archives get vanished too and it's like
wait a minute this person is bad and
dangerous don't you want to show other
people as an example of what to avoid
like this will get you banned so you can
modify your behavior accordingly but
what they want apparently it looks like
what they want is for everyone to be
self censoring yeah and to be afraid and
that way it's like instead of saying
we're censorious it's like you made that
decision on your own
why no Trump has been talking about this
now because it affects so many people
that are his supporters right now and
he's been discussing that the idea that
these people need to abide by the First
Amendment and then there's your argument
either they're a private company they
could
whatever they want and they can decide
whatever they want or they're protected
by the 1st measure you know I had Tulsi
Gabbard on the other day she was running
a lot of her I love her too and she's
running he won't I asked her doing my
show she wouldn't reply really yeah why
I don't know she didn't reply
I don't know how men compound media I
guess digital oh yes digital that's even
more disgusting than compound media
that's the problem
you don't like good ways in all the good
ways I love Lois I love all those guys
savages they she's probably a girl fuck
I got savage adjacent like I'll have
those guys I mean I have officially
gotten permission that the room we all
recording is called the gas chamber oh
Jesus
yeah you could say that I could say yeah
put that privilege yeah that's pretty
much it yeah yeah maybe she will um I'll
tell her about it but she was on her and
I are besties yeah I really do respect
the shit out of her I really do
you know I'd love to call her Madame
president I think that would be dope
she's smart man she's she's she's so
measured which doesn't have all the
answers and some of the things that she
says are things that you say you know
I'm not sure gonna we're gonna have to
work to create more jobs like those kind
of that kind of talk is like politician
talk and I go okay well what would that
mean and we'll have to figure that out
and I think she's sincere but these
answers you know don't really exist like
how to fix inner cities like how to like
these are there like someone that some
of the big issues that she discussed we
talked about like horrible neighborhoods
that have always been harmed right like
how is this like we're going to fucking
Afghanistan trying to fix the yeah yeah
and we're not trying to fix Chicago the
Southside Chicago what's happening now
all right why are so many people getting
shot I can we can fix you know it's
funny back in the day they had something
called slum clearance and the idea was
if you tear down these old buildings and
build new buildings somehow the crime is
gonna go away and this is a big moment
it's just like yeah it's the building
small fucking haunted houses they have
decades of decades of crack and bullets
Florence room that's so crazy but she's
great because she my biggest issue is
anti-war yes and anyone for me whose
first priority isn't let's stop killing
people yes that I'm a fan of yeah and
she's also a veteran yeah
sixteen years yeah
I'm a big fan but you know I think this
country needs more you know we need we
need real plans we need like someone we
just the way we engineer software
systems you know search engines
operating systems or cell phones they
should engineer society I mean we should
really be looking at in terms of the
potential for prosperity opportunity all
these different things that we don't
cover we just sort of leave so much up
to chance because we buy the the
bullshit
that like I mean I think we all know at
this point then not everyone's on an
even playing field we're just not but we
don't I think the other thing a lot of
people know that well they're fucking
crazy and that's the problem yeah yes
they're fucking crazy if you don't think
that being born in a crime-ridden
neighborhood with violence all around
you and being exposed to at an early age
fucks your head up not even mean that I
think the fact that I admit that a lot
of people aren't hard-working oh yeah
this is that today and I'd like to say
that out there it's shocking to many
people I guess some people are bad some
people think that just because they show
up at work and they don't want to that
they're working hard right right it's
hard for them yeah you fucking you just
go lucky or you do that you know when I
read that was one of the more hilarious
things that I've ever heard of crazy
progressive person right if you are
successful it is because someone else
got fucked over that's so disturbing but
it's such a crazy way to look at it it's
like okay somewhere down the chain or if
you have an iPhone someone got fucked
over that someone lost their iPhone
logic right no no no the logic is
someone had to work as a slave in
Foxconn to make these fucking iPhones
for like 15 cents a week or whatever
they make over there but if that slave
wasn't making 15 cents a week that slave
would be dead that's what there has been
saying it's squirrely right cuz but yeah
but is that okay like when they go to
third world countries and set up these
sweatshops and like I knew someone who
had one and they were like doing fucking
mental gymnastics to try to justify and
I was like wait a minute how much he pay
these people and they're like they were
gonna starve to death if it wasn't for
us Mike are you sure they were there
right they were there they probably been
there for thousands of years like
where'd you go like Guatemala
where was it Argentina Laguerre yousa
give you two examples that are maybe I
can't speak to specific and world
example look at North Korea which is
obviously my beat
yeah that's your B so there is a zone
between North and South Korea where they
work together DMZ mother no but it's
like this enrichment zone it can work
together right so the North Koreans work
there the South Koreans kind of put it
together and the government takes like
95% of your money and also North Koreans
who work in Russian logging camps where
the government takes like 95 percent
your money they're slaves they're 100
percent slaves Wow but they're beating
down their doors to work in these
locations because they're providing for
their family and they're still wealthier
than the alternative now this is a very
extreme situation this isn't like I
don't know third world what country your
friend is a sweatshop in but there are
circumstances where a lot of people on
the left and on the right don't
understand often that politics and
economics is about often you have two
bad choices like what is the alternative
it's like what do you like for example
you're gonna put forth the law what are
you gonna do about people who are going
to look at this law not in good faith
like there was that guy was named zoomy
zoomy who said I'm trans and he just
made a video boobie zubi yeah he just
broke the woman's deadlift referee yeah
woman he look out yeah by the way they
took those records away from that
Australian woman there's a guy that was
Australia right wasn't the world the
powerlifting woman's world record she
broke like three of them so it's not
even about trans stuff it's like what do
you do with any law when someone is
going to act in bad faith and if you
can't account for that you're not being
responsible with your proposal yeah this
isn't even a law though but we're
talking about with the trans a fleets
it's just it's loopholes so some weird
people don't want to be seen as
transphobic in today's climate so
they're allowing preposterous things
what was that like for you and you were
talking I remember when you're talking
to Adam on this show that got pretty
heated oh yeah I'm ruins everything yeah
yeah it didn't get heated we just I mean
I never got upset we've absolutely
disagreed but he had some crazy notions
about competition that didn't make any
sense either like that somehow or
another this
ports are designed to favor men what
yeah it didn't make any sense it was a
lot of it was progressive rehashing up
in my opinion yeah I think it sounded
good to him but I don't know how much
actual thought he's put into it what's
actually interesting is like in his show
he's well researched and no one's
opposing these this data that he's
putting out so he gets to say these
things it's one of the problems with
like writing a blog or making a video
about something where no one goes
actually that's not really true
this is why that's not true let me
explain and this is why you're wrong and
now continue see when you can just go on
these long unchecked rants that's where
you get like Flat Earth believers that's
what that shit's from they watch those
videos
yeah and they go oh this makes sense but
this is why it's so important that
unorthodox voices don't get deep
platformed because even if that person
is proposed putting forth things that
are completely full of shit their
criticism and their perspective they
might have some truth in it and at the
very least like when I was a child so
when I talk to these people by talking
to them it makes me think through why do
I believe what I believe
why is my truth the actual truth and I'm
gonna be challenged on my views and I'm
going to have a better grounding for
them as opposed to like you're saying if
I'm sitting here just giving a monologue
and no one ever calls me out of my
bullshit yeah I think I see what you're
saying I think what they think is you
have to silence these bad voices like
the anti-vaccine you got a silence and
deeper sort of taking anti-vaccine
they're taking anti-vaxxers down you
know I don't know how much they actually
know about the science you know I don't
I mean vaccines are incredible for
health in terms of what they've done to
protect us from disease they've stopped
smallpox they've stopped polio and when
you see these outbreaks of measles that
is a direct result of people not getting
vaccinated you know does that mean that
no one's ever been hurt by vaccines no
no it doesn't man there's a vaccine
court people been injured people have
died that's a fact but that's I think
just a part of medical procedures and
human beings men a lot of kids die every
from circumcision yeah they get
infections they lose their penises yeah
yeah it's like very common like way more
common in terms of like the numbers per
year than you would ever want to hear Oh
God
okay people die from things they get
infections people get have allergic
reactions to certain chemical but then
this problem is now those vac stores can
say we're being covered up yeah now
they're honest it's the truth not being
covered and are being covered up yeah so
it's very it's a I think a problem is
who's right and who's wrong like if if
you're a person and you have a child and
you're terrified can you go to these
websites like oh my god I don't want my
kid to get autism like but they're
saying that vaccines cause autism
I'm not vaccinating my kid I'm not gonna
take the chance and that's where a lot
of it comes in yeah if you watch those
videos and you watch a video that's not
done by a scientist that's not up to
date on what we know about what cause
like I had Peter Hotez on who's very
knowledgeable about vaccines and very
knowledgeable about diseases in general
and he was describing the the what they
think the causes of autism are that how
it takes place in the womb and how
what's most likely happening is it's
just expressing itself at the same time
that the kids getting vaccinated and
you're correlating the two things
together well there's also the movement
of not regarding autism as a problem or
your coda you know children of deaf
adults you know you have these parents
whose kids are deaf and they refuse to
get them cochlear implants to give them
the ability here because they think
that's losing Deaf culture now to me you
never heard this no this is the thing
yeah yeah
there's me everything is a thing because
what you can see when you think about if
it's a few seconds you can understand
where they're coming from cuz you want
to be like while you're saying I'm bad
because I'm deaf and it was like but
then you hear people that are like trans
disabled do you know what that is
whether that was they cut their hand off
because they feel like they're supposed
to have no hand no oh yes oh yeah see
these things this is what I'm saying
like they're all I'm lumping them all
together because what they are is all of
them are these weird variables when it
comes to human behavior and thinking and
patterns and biology all these weird
variables where you get so many numbers
if you have all these people three
whatever million we have in this country
you're gonna have a few thousand of
almost every far variable every weird
variable good lord Lord yeah all I know
is the politics that the health stuff I
don't even want to wait into that dude
that was why I was there was an old
website that I was going to what was
that
body modification extreme that guy from
DME he died when they loved the lizard
guy no the cat guy his name was Shannon
Shannon Shannon laureate is how you say
his name but BM e X body modification
extreme was the website and he and I
became like pen pals going back like he
sent me some stuff fun I wrote something
wants about body modification like what
kind of weird shit people do and he's
like he may have you ever have any
questions feel free to ask me there's my
website he sent me a password to his wet
because it was like one of those things
you had to pay for a membership I was
like holy shit you go to this website
and it's just it was just this was in
the 90s okay and it's the most freakish
weirdest fucking body modifications and
there's a whole culture behind people
putting horns on their heads and doing
weird shit through their skin maybe just
pulled you out and tattooing their whole
face my friend Melissa she had magnets
implanted on her fingers I don't know
why well you never know
alright I would I think the magnets well
you have to pick things up you don't to
close your hand
frogs well people think that magnet
Laguerre magnets is a wristband supposed
to be good for you here's autism but the
other maxi magnet you know it sounds
stupid but they use magnetic therapy for
veterans that have PTSD and CTE because
there's areas of the brain that can
actually stimulate with these very
powerful magnets cat Zingano UFC fighter
she went down there when she was having
some serious repercussions from her
fight with Amanda Nunez she got really
battered badly in the first round and
her hormones were out of whack for
months afterwards she was all fucked up
her cortisol levels were all fucked up
and finally she went and got some of her
sparring was off her timings off she was
like I just have to rush people I didn't
have any sense of timing
oh yeah she was having real problems
with her brain and they fixed it they
fixed it with magnets these these
electrode
no pulse I'm just saying words that I
don't understand so if you're a
scientist sure this is focus I just
tweeting at you feverishly right yeah
it's very lies listen angry scientist
I'm with you I'm retarded listen they
throw these these these waves at the
brain and somehow know these
electromagnetic waves stimulate areas of
the mind and it actually forces brain
cells to grow and forces neural
connections it's really interesting
stuff cat Zingano explained it pretty
pretty pretty in-depth but it really
helped her so it's weird that a magnet
would work for that but those are like
really strong ones okay little ones
around your wrist but it might yeah I
don't know yeah I'm not spending the
$24.99 in that fucking bracelet yeah but
it's got an English guy that's that's
how you know it's legit but it comes
with a mop comes with a free chamois
remember the ShamWow guy he's dead isn't
he guys really you get bit by a hooker
no it's the other one who got the oxy
clean guys dead Billy whatever oh yeah I
was alive yeah Billy was it was Tooting
up yeah it's how it was yeah he had a
lot of coconut system apparently right
oh you got that oxy money
clean your sizes out you want a fucking
party he's probably had a yellow
Lamborghini dick implant just made that
part up I'm sure he's a great guy well
what's in the middle I do want a
television show they were doing a
television show about him yeah he was
well he had the pitchman it was like a
sitcom or something it was a like a
reality show reality time sure they're
following them around doing pitches and
stuff there's an art to that shit those
guys the he he got me to analyze shark
tank before them I think they were
helping people do stuff sorta mm-hmm I
like Kitchen Nightmares
yeah I'm friends with the son oh the
shark tanks under them well Billy Mays
there's a Billy Mays son yeah what's his
Joker terrific Bill Gates Jr disease the
third oh the program mad we're talking
about that he's I'm sure Billy Mays was
a good guy but did he well yeah he's
your friend yeah that's why he couldn't
spawn
anyway dude was partying the ShamWow guy
was the guy who got bit attractive
I actually think he bit someone that's
yeah good someone like Marv Albert did
Marv Albert bite someone yeah then he
invite the lady
I thought she bit him too huh I get my
stories all confused because to do dudes
too many too many vaccines that's your
problem
yes it is man they saved me from the
measles they made me dumber what
happened oh there it is Oh God
oh he bit her it's happened a few times
I think a ShamWow pitchman brutal
beatdown yeah so they just went to war
oh my god that's where eyes is that real
I don't mean don't that mine every room
that looks like makeup though always
crazy that's like smoke yeah no it
didn't look like makeup to me is
symmetric looks like black guys that's
what happen the no that's the look you
know she she had his tongue and so he
started punching her until she realized
oh my god mouth tongue or in the conch
now in the face oh my that's meth right
daddy guess what's involved there no
it's something crazy the meth not really
what a PCP or like a bath salts Oh
remember that if you're grabbing
someone's tongue it's bath salts I think
bath salts were meth though no yeah I
think it was I think what it was was
meth with the the I think they altered a
molecule so that it doesn't fall into
the protected Schedule one drug
see that you can do things like that
like that's why DMT was illegal but five
methoxy DMT wasn't which is actually
stronger mm-hmm um they missed that one
here it goes what's that drug the last
ten minutes
Oh what is this bath salts well first of
all here's another thing I think there's
a bunch of different kinds of bath salts
for Shore yeah for sure
you got the lavender I mean but I mean
nobody I don't think anybody has a
patent you can't call that bath salts
wait it's bath salts because of the name
bath II oh no no no no the bath salts is
because they were selling it in stores
as bath oh not for human consumption
wink well no but you just played that
ever look like the chemical is back they
owned
no Kath okay no okay I misread it okay
what what I'm saying is the yeah I'm
labeled it bass also they could sell it
but everybody knew it was Matt thought
okay man that's bath salts over there
you should try smoking that but it's in
that house salvia was around for a long
time
salvia was around for the same reason
five methoxy DMT was around yeah missed
it in the sweeping Schedule one drug act
of 1970 okay they missed that one was
two of the most potent ones they missed
salvia divinorum and five methoxy DMT
that's why they're always changing it
because they fit slightly different than
you could say it's nothing
exactly so see if you find that like
bath salts is meth because someone there
was a guy there was a guy who got a
who's a homeless guy that I think they
shot him he was biting someone's face
off in Florida yeah you remember that
yeah and they said that he was on bath
salts that's the first time I heard of
it yeah and I think someone said that it
was meth that he was like he's like that
cat stuff just but it's like you're
saying it's just a bunch of did with Oh
mephedrone so it is a potpourri
you can basically sell whatever you want
if you're selling it as not for human
consumption and also I probably they
probably put smell into it so they can
say no this boat oh yeah you know they
probably threw some fucking so they had
like a little cat-and-mouse game going
on for a while where they would have
it's the same thing with one with that
k2 spice stuff we'd stay as synthetic
yeah actually they're spraying all over
us I supposed to be terrible for awful
yeah way worse for you than actual but
they would outlaw one little chemical
and then those guys would figure out
okay tweak it and make th 379 okay and
now next week is 380 and they just would
keep doing it every single week
literally and by the way that's the same
shit that they did with steroids with
like the clear when Barry Bonds and all
those guys that ball co scandal that's
what all that stuff was about no they
just changed the like that points out
the drug stuff around a little and it
doesn't show up in this in the test
because it's not the thing you're
looking for the way it's been explained
to me is a lot of tests for things are
very specific so testing for something
and it's just a little bit off so I can
test negative for it but it has a
similar result or
approximate result in a different way
huh yeah I will say that with the bath
salts people were breaking into any
place that had him hmm
gas stations any store that had bath
salts if they think they had them what
your windows are being broken your doors
are being broken yeah you're not gonna
have that it's a mess
tomorrow yes that yeah those are methods
that's meth-head activity Jesus Christ
do you know what did you ever know
anybody there's a method No
yeah I haven't known a few people it's
weird to see because it's so visual the
results well not always
that's what's interesting what you're
seeing when you see people that are
completely fucked up and picking the
skin off their face and they weigh 5
pounds and they're falling apart that is
worst case scenario there's some people
that I would call functional methods and
what these people are people that are on
amphetamines every day or almost every
day they're constantly on a meta means
that some of them get prescribed by
doctors they get really irrational they
start thinking and everyone's out to get
them they get real mean and nasty
towards other people very defensive
there was there always attacking and
thinking they're persecuted thinking
that someone's attacking them this is
very strange and these people could
function like this for years years and
years and you get the same with adderall
addicts yeah yeah well that's just speed
isn't it same thing yeah it's very
similar to meth it's him feta means
right it's just a different release like
what adderall is Duncan Trussell has a
great joke he's like as if it's a
scientist took cocaine and went I can
fix this this makes people talkative and
aggressive and insulting and mean and
any kids it like it highlights some of
the worst aspects of people the bitchy
pettiness I love that stuff that's my
butter but it's not that's not you do it
you do with a smile oh thank you that's
true snarky people need to be having
more fun yeah but you are your positions
are always even if I don't agree with
them they're rational I see your thought
process I see where you're going well
thank you that's a huge compliment on a
method that way yeah
are you saying the Jews are doing what
what's happening with the Nazis that was
a big one I get
I interviewed a Nazi for the book and I
said to my go look what what do I
supposed to do when they you're people
come at me and say the only reason you
care about North Korea and its
concentration camps is because they're
anti-israel and he goes what do you want
me to tell you there's idiots in every
group right there because they're
anti-israel the idea that Israel is do
with North Korea is just like absolutely
amazing but I get that online people
connect to everything rival that are
really into the nutty conspiracies
there's a network of connections with it
and then if you're not talking about it
what they think is the most important
issue
you're clearly being dishonest because
it's the most important issue must be a
shoe yes Mossad that time over there in
Korea are interested what South American
to be over there North Korea hey I
wanted to talk to you about this I don't
know if you know anything about it but
essentially Google has pulled the plug
on Huawei today meaning they're no
longer allowing Android updates on
Huawei phones and they're not allowing
the Google app to work on on Huawei
phones or excuse me the Gmail app to
work on Huawei phones if you had an old
Huawei phone with the Gmail app you're
fine but going forward no Huawei phones
will be allowed to have Gmail anymore
what what's the reasoning it's a very
good question marques Brownlee who's
Marcus has been on the show before and
he's probably one of my favorite if not
my favorite tech reviewer on YouTube he
had a point about it he you know he put
it up on his Twitter and then I followed
the feed he's like this is very
important
I follow the feet and there's tech
people there saying there is no reason
for this there's no evidence they're not
pointing to anything but then when I
talk to people that are experts in
foreign policy and they explain the way
China works in China's relationship
between the government and industry how
they're inexorably connected and yes
every business works for the government
they were saying no there's a reason why
they're doing this like this these guys
are playing this real long game and
to aid them in any way is
extraordinarily bad for our country yeah
I had a Marion Smith from this game of
communism on my show and since my focus
in North Korea I wasn't that much folks
in China and Hugh and we all think in
the West that you know China's gotten so
much better than it was which is true
but he goes it's still really really
really bad and one of the big I think
fair criticisms of the corporate press
is how much they're focused on Putin and
Russia and it's like you calling him a
dictator the shit they're pulling in
China is an order of magnitude worse and
something that they're doing now they
stole from North Korea North Korea has a
southern called song bun and everyone on
bun somg be when sung won everyone in
North Korea got interviewed and there's
several iterations of this and you got a
score based on your family so if you our
family was born in South Korea or a
priest or landowner that's a low score
if you your grandfather fought with the
great leader Kim il-sung that's a high
score it's divided into favored class
wavering and hostile and there's like 51
subcategories and this determines
everything about your life where you
live where you go to college and China
is now starting to do this they're
trying to implement a social credit
system based on your loyalty to the
government which will allow things like
leaving the country and all sorts of
other opportunities and that's scary
scary stuff and that's what needs to be
I think covered much more in the West
the problem with that is it becomes like
a game and people are gonna want to have
a really high school of course that's if
people are so weird when it comes to
scores and games but we get so that you
have to have a high score or else you're
not getting food that's our job right
right right yeah but it's also like
people coveted oh but they don't tell
your score oh geez you have to intimate
it oh yeah scary oh yeah yeah so you got
to fly right and so you're always
nervous Europe that's what they want
you're always nervous it's not a
transparency self-censoring as well yes
right it forces a system of self
censoring like Twitter yes are you
saying that Twitter is like China did
you say that Twitter's like communist in
those words yes
no we got a ways to go for communism but
some of the techniques they use are very
disturbingly totalitarian yes
disturbingly so and the other thing is
yes they are private company
it's funny how the left is like as soon
as you criticize Twitter their private
company do they want but any other
private company whatever a private
company can be criticized and if you
know you're perfectly appropriate in a
free market to say what you're doing is
screwed up and give us answers or we're
gonna use another company I think when I
talked to Jack about this one of the
things that he was saying is that
they're considering an open Twitter like
they're gonna have Twitter where it's
like a safe neighborhood and Twitter
where it's like the Wild West
okay and I said please do that yeah I
said please do that you know I mean but
if he does is to block people this ways
to avoid people I block people liberally
you know it's weird though block lists
when you never even had an interaction
since I want it's like a blacklist yeah
and you go to their page and they're
blocked you just blocked just down why
no reasons people have blocked lists for
anyone who follows President Trump yeah
and it's like if I'm a journalist yeah I
sure as hell better be following the
fucking president right know what he
says
first of all he says hilarious shit yes
on the Reg look he does what's your
favorite Trump tweet Rocket Man when he
was calling my favorite one Jim John
owned rocker man what's the the one
about the haters and the losers yes
that's a great one but he did that
before he was president yeah thousand
thirteen it's still of my favorite
trophy by far oh yeah every time I speak
of the haters and losers I do so with
great love and affection they cannot
help the fact that they were born fucked
up I would like if he said that now as
president now that's one thing he's
really doing done a great job as
president not swearing yeah it's amazing
well did you see what CNN did to him
during the campaign he said boy that's
really up so he didn't say it they
played the clip and they believed him
yes we talked about this yeah yeah it's
very dishonest yeah they bleeped it to
make it look like he said something he
didn't but he's cursing ass blue streak
in the White House anyway we all know
this but it's funny I like it I think
that part is funny like I'm not I'm not
happy with a lot of what's going on but
I'm very happy that he's this ridiculous
person I think it's funny and I think
it's very healthy for us to have less
reverence for the president because when
a president's on a pedestal he's in a
position to send our sons and daughters
to die whereas if you look at him as a
clown you're gonna be much less more
skeptical
of is this man going to war for the
right reasons is he doing these things
for the right reasons and I think that's
very and that's what the founding
fathers wanted to they didn't want the
president to be looked at as a god yeah
that's an interesting point though I
think you're correct and I think this
idea that its behavior unfitting for a
president that's what we're thinking
that a president is a special person
right that's real job and they'll act
accordingly like a gentleman and they're
human beings
it's a stupid job it's a ridiculous job
anyway and you sub Biden went after
Trump and says Oh being presidential as
always yeah by definition he's always
being presidential cuz he's the fucking
president and you're not well
Biden's a weird guy do you see all this
videos him sniffing those kids no what
is that about and it could just be a
sweet old grandpa I know some sweet Oh
grandpa's don't want to fuck kids they
do do that I the thing is it would in a
sense be make more sense to people if he
was just like handsy right it's like
okay this is like I don't even know
where to put this where do you put
sniffing yeah it's a fucking weird thing
he's just a weird guy did you know about
the the plagiarism from back when he's
running from say he ran three times
I think he's fucked in the primary
because his track record is pathetic so
the first time he ran was an 88 cycle
right he announces in July he has to
fold by September because this
plagiarism scandal right he runs again
in a way it comes in like what sixth in
Iowa has to pull so he in terms of his
history of running for presidency it's
been very very poor he's a good backup
man he's right right cuz a steady
reliable result yes you stay the fuck
out who's look it's they're gonna eat
him alive it's ugly it's gonna be ugly
you're gonna hate it bro and you're not
gonna win they're gonna die don't think
he's gonna but he's the front-runner you
look at the Democratic polls in terms of
the Democrats you know who is the
front-runner at this point in 2003 who
Joe Lieberman because he was the vice
presidential candidate from Gore yeah
everyone knew his name what happened
with that guy he lost that he would
where'd he go he what he went right
didn't he he what they he lost the
primary in his state of Connecticut then
he ran as an independent Democrat won
again by reelected he killed universal
health care because they needed 60 votes
and he's like fuck you we're not doing
it so they had to have this Obamacare
mark
systems because of him and now everyone
hates him didn't he turn into a
Republican though no no but he endorsed
that heard it you became a Nazi
[Laughter]
Joe Lieberman invention urethane you're
not cz the new right yeah the fact that
he gets called one that's the funniest
shit ever
while he's wearing a yarmulke people
call them or not so that you you'd never
suspect it yeah sneaky its we're sneaky
hmm I just think if we had a design a
system from scratch there's no way we'd
have one person at the top of the
pyramid right doesn't make any sense and
doesn't need to be a pyramid yeah
doesn't it could be a series of silos
yeah no reason I mean I guess the good
thing would be that person can veto
stuff and get things done
sure so if there is some sort of if he's
a reasonable person and he really works
well with those and doesn't abuse that
power one thing he has done those what I
mean I'm it's gonna sound ridiculous but
when he has Kim Kardashian bringing
cases of people that were unjustly
prosecuted or unjustly imprisoned and he
releases them a guy like that I like
that she does it and I like that he does
it takes a lot for me to get angry but
when people were clowning them and I'm
like Kim Kardashian you can say a lot of
shit about her she saved people's lives
she's helping people in a tremendous way
you're gonna tell those families that
Kim Kardashian is fuck you she's helped
seventeen people be released from prison
in the last three months and I think
it's also very disturbing how glib a lot
of people are about prison you know and
it's a really I don't know what it's
like and I don't want to know what it's
like don't worry it's no joke yeah so
but it is a punchline and it's like
you're laughing about people being
traumatized for life and possibly having
no possibility of returning into society
if this is people used to be able to
laugh about stuff like that cuz it would
be like laughing at it at work you know
you go to work and you're like eh OJ's
in the can he's gonna take it in the cab
you would go to work and you'd say
something stupid like that and you
wouldn't go anywhere
but when you say something like that on
Twitter or Facebook like
oh boy remember um I mean people find
out you say the inappropriate thing
remember that what justine sacco of
course something i was flying here for
this show and someone tweeted me hashtag
his malice landed yet because that was
the hashtag for her oh yeah cuz she
tweeted out a joke she gets on a flight
yeah and it blew up while she's of the
flight right and when she lands her life
is ruined yes inside for a dumb joke
yeah that jump joke could have been
something that you would just say and
then the next day Bueller what the fuck
is wrong with me I was on ambien and
alcohol and I'm gonna be funny and that
is something that the evangelical left
is very scary about about being about if
you're too if you take a joke and that's
inappropriate in some sense and they're
the ones judging it's inappropriate your
life should be ruined that is crazy and
totalitarian yeah it's um it's also it
smacks of deep insecurity and fear that
you experience personally and you want
to turn it on other people the same
feeling that people have when they're
bullies the reason why someone's a bully
is almost always because they're not
confident of their own ability so they
want to somehow or another by being
cruel to someone else they exercise this
power on someone else and it's somehow
another relieves them of a certain
portion of this inadequacy that they
feel the stress they feel it's why one
of the reasons why a lot of people are
saying that bullies it's contrary to
like what would think would be a logical
thing you should teach them how to fight
and they wouldn't want to do this the
reason why they're doing this to people
is because they're insecure that's the
same thing I think when you're when you
see these Twitter mobs and people
attacking people the thing they fear
most is that they're gonna be attacked
themselves the thing they feel oh yeah I
think what they feel social they fear
social authorization and the fear they
fear that they fear being standing up on
their own two feet and being an
individual and I have a whole chapter on
dark humor in this book and I'm shocked
that they let me publish it because body
MacFarland great comedian she has she
was roasting Jim Norton and she says to
him your show is so unlistenable I'd
rather hear my daughter drowning and
it's like are you gonna do it but you
know let's say let's break this down
are you gonna tell her as a comedian or
as a mom that that's not appropriate oh
she's so they only made me cut one joke
I have everything else in there and the
point I make is something might not be
funny for you if you're an assault
victim right you don't want to kind of
fight that's fine right but it's not
that's me and if something's not for you
doesn't mean it's not for anyone what is
uh the new write this is the title of
your book yeah a journey to the fringe
of American politics well what inspired
you so the circles I was swimming in
started going into developing into the
scene as it was happening that
culminated in like the Trump presidency
in charlottesville so I was there as
this was happening what circles we
discussing this kind of the anarchist
circles the the what they call race
realism the racists you know and then
all right and seeing a lot of it
happening just being discussed in the
press and people not knowing what
they're talking about I'm like all right
someone's got to write this book who's
been there and understands it and it
might as well be how do you understand
that like what what what about it you
know like the race realist because I the
one of the points I make is this is not
one scene where everyone's in agreement
these people often completely hate each
other and disagree the only thing that
unites them is their opposition to
progressivism and this is you looking at
this as a journalist when you say sure
yeah but the way you're saying it's like
you're a part of these groups well I was
the I'm like all right I went to all the
meetings you know I go to
Charlottesville and interviewed all the
types I had yeah you know and it's what
their points of view are and if you're
gonna engage with this kind of thinking
which is somewhat prevalent on the
fringes you have to at least understand
where they're coming from and being
dismissed and there's a power for sure
but what I want to say is because I
don't want people to misconstrue you so
someone could listen to this and
inadvertently Mis consortium is construe
and think that you're a part of these
groups oh no no it's very clear in this
book who I absolutely yeah in the book
but the way we're it's discussing it in
this conversation you're saying the
circles that you running yeah cuz a lot
of the people who I was friends with
fell down this rabbit hole they fell
down the rabbit hole of not easiest and
racism yes and that one who that you
were friends well don't i'm not name one
saying yeah because and it was very
disturbing
real-life correct Wow and it was very
disturbing to watch as they start
throwing our terms like HPD and Iraq was
a human by diversity that's their code
word for different races right human
biodiversity is the code word for
different races yes and what's the other
one hbf and nrx and Iraq near reaction
so this is basically America is this
decadent Weimar Republic and we need to
return to like hardcore Rio react knio
knio knio knio reactions that was the
hashtag before was the alt-right but
it's not the same buddy they're similar
enough so and a lot of these guys are
really cerebral you know they could tell
you what the history of England they
could tell you about you know all the
science and so what went along with it
with whom with them I don't know what
what went wrong I think one of the
things that goes wrong is when no one's
talking to you and you're just talking
to each other yeah you're gonna start
doubling down because there's no one
hitting the brakes you know what else
happens what you say controversial
things people attack you and then some
people don't attack you they support you
yes and then you gravitate towards yes
support you right and then you get that
endorphin rush you get the light yes you
start seeing that with people and they
start embracing really weird fringe
ideas they become a part of these fringe
groups they get praised by these fringe
groups and then they elevate to divert
you signal for that fringe group and so
it you could be either an average person
in the mass or you could be a leader in
the fringe so it's big fish in a small
pond and you could be one of those who
knows one of those who knows right
people know what the fuck is going on
right so not gonna get me with this scam
so my line is you take one red pill but
not the whole bottle you take the
adderall bro fucking adderall no one's
gonna I know what's happening start
stashing weapons in your backyard yeah
so that it's it's an interesting and
there's also a long history of this
stuff so how did you know those guys in
real life did you know them from work
did you know I knew them from like like
anarchist circles
so yeah this anarchy thing like how
serious are you about that a hundred
percent 100 percent sir yes so
anarchists think there should be no cops
know that anarchists don't think this
should be government cops there's no
private security
private security whoops before what well
same thing you know one wants to have a
scenario like if you go to a bar you're
not paying for the doorman or if you're
going to a hotel you're not paying for
security the point is whoever has an
environment wants it to be as safe as
possible okay stop right there okay
because if you go into a bar if you're
buying a drink
the bar is taking some of the money from
that drink to pay for that security
correct it's the same thing as you
paying taxes it's not to save the a see
pink text so let's just look at it this
way it's just money into a pool it's not
just like oh please
if you throw the money into a pool but
let me explain okay
if you throw the money into the pool
okay and obviously taxes get taken from
you it's different in that regard but if
you have a certain amount of money
certain amount of money is gonna go to
protecting the people and this is the
idea of police force and this is the
idea of a bouncer at least a bouncer is
more likely acting in the interest of
the club and trying to keep out bad
people they're gonna keep people from
getting sued but the money for the
drinks goes to that some of it a
percentage goes that sure much like you
tax money some of it goes to the cops
sure right correct but the big
difference is one is voluntary and one
is forceful and one is a monopoly and
one isn't so if you had a free system
you would have more security because the
streets would have someone doing
security and the bar and the store and
there would be complimentary to each
other as opposed to you only have two
down on one one wouldn't it look how
many dating sites there all right
wouldn't it be great if instead of one
number you had dozens of places that are
going to offer you security
so like private businesses that work
like uber you give them a call when you
getting raped like you press a button a
short one with the dude on you press a
button and then someone shows up we have
that now and right we have no I mean we
if you go to a apartment building or a
business building there's gonna be
security there already you're gonna yeah
you're not gonna call the cops are gonna
call the downstairs we're just book
readers shirts in there playing with
their phone they used to be book readers
to other phone players well I'd rather
they be reading books than shooting dogs
so that's where we are right you see we
said in terms that's the grossest shit
ever when you see SWAT teams show up and
yes these people's dogs and people get
and that's the problem with having a
monopoly is there's no constant
yes so let's say there's all these cases
where you know dogs get shot the flash
grenade in the baby's crib
these people aren't fight like a Eric
Gardner the only person who got in
trouble for Eric garner dying is the guy
who filmed it mm-hmm I mean if you are a
cook and you are serving food and you
undercooked chicken it's a mistake
honest mistake and someone gets sick
that shouldn't be your job mmm but if
you're a police officer often and I'm
going to get a lot of heat for this and
that's fine if you something bad happens
as a consequence of your actions there
have to be consequences that maybe this
isn't the right job for you well
oftentimes there is if there's an
inappropriate shooting or subclone those
lines but I think you're right and I
mean I've experienced abusive cops I
think we all have and I also think that
it's very very very difficult to be that
guy absolutely and not become abusive
and not become worn out by it not become
extremely stressed out I'm a big
supporter of police I just don't think
that it's a job for everybody I think
being a cop is like a lot of other jobs
that are especially that one that's
super fucking difficult the idea that
you just hire people off the street and
run them through some tests and they're
gonna make great cops I agree it's crazy
I agree and what happens is when you're
a monopoly you don't have to be
efficient or effective
I think they should hire former military
that's what I think at least a hire
people no hire people that have
discipline hire people that that have
gone through some experience in actual
combat who know how to handle pressure
better and then make it a very very
valuable job and make it a very like
very strict codes of conduct and and
behavior and in action I think another
problem that police have in their
defense is when you have public streets
people have certain rights and they can
act have where they're like here in LA
you have only seen these tents and I
thought my understanding is the
government said you can't clear out
those tents that is hilarious isn't it
and now the cops can't do anything so
they are hamstrung from being able to do
their jobs whereas if this was private
this would not be happening well if you
go under under passes in their life
folks I don't know where you live but
there's a fucking campground then
literally they have tents yeah
everywhere I went two sided no Skid Row
was an actual place I didn't know I went
there last time I was here and they were
the the whole block is covered in tents
I was unbelievable
people who don't know I love to take
them to skid row it's just amazing
Downtown LA's insane like you go there
like what is this well what this is is
failure
this is fail you know I mean cultural
failure failure to address these members
of our community fare failure to provide
health care failure to raise children
correctly failure to keep people from
drugs failure to provide good systems to
get them off of drugs it started in New
York - de Blasio who's a real charmer
that one like now every ball you go into
every subway train there's a homeless
person with all their bags
yeah and this there's got to be better
alternatives than that even for them
well there's some what Oh Donald Trump
jr. posted videos all over the news the
other day when he was talking about the
de Blasio he's like this is I'm driving
here I'm Lissa's out my window and
filming look good look at all these
tents he was homeless shit he started
following me on Twitter and now I live
in fear of like say the wrong thing
again I don't know it's just like holy
Sh because North Korea is my biggest
issue by far right by far but what do
you in fear of getting unfollowed by
Donald Trump do ya follow you well he
better not no I have friends that are
friends with him okay
like good friends like my good friends
and they're good friends with him okay
I'll slide it tastes like him they say
he's a good guy let's see what I slide
into his DMS do it he's just in a weird
position man if he wasn't the the the
president's son he wouldn't be under so
much scrutiny be like he's a great guy
okay so everybody's just like oh you're
the president's son but it's weird for
me given that that was my beat that I'm
like one step away from being able to
influence policy on that issue was the
most important thing to me boy I get it
yeah what would you tell him about North
Korea I mean I wouldn't even know where
to start I would just I would think I'd
have a lot of information about helping
with the psychology how to kind of
influence them how to basically
manipulate them mm-hmm also how evil
they truly really and truly are and
always to keep that in mind so it's a
dance it's a very delicate dance with
them hmm do you think he's gonna get in
trouble with Russia who which ones all
Trump doing you know you think he will I
don't know I don't think so I don't
think so yeah
you don't think anybody's you think it's
over I don't think it's over it's not I
don't think it's over because
people if after three years of reporting
now you can say with a straight face
what there were three years of reporting
over nothing if there's smoke this fire
you know blah blah blah so I haven't
been following it that that closely I
saw Justin Amash you know just tweeted
out that you hear this whole tweet storm
that he thinks Trump should be impeached
based on who's Justin Amash is a
congressman from Michigan he's a one of
like three libertarians and he turned he
said he's like I actually read the
report which most people have not in
Washington eight hundred is it yeah and
he's like I think this is their stuff in
here that's impeachable this was a big
deal and then all the left were like
republic even Republicans like Justin
Amash is like no no it's just him it's
not there's no like it's him it's
literally just hit him yeah there's only
to like him it's the time is it like him
it's Thomas Massie and Mike Lee that's
the three of them and Rand Paul for Rand
Paul's an interesting cat I like him
well I was uh I want to talk to his
neighbor that fucked him up that's such
a bitch move does such a bitch that is
such a bitch tackle them when he wasn't
even look I know yeah I think he had
earphones on too it's it's a I'm not
sitting here like some bad ass but come
on what the fuck you're doing yeah how
about that guy that kicked our on
Schwarzenegger yes he kicked this kid
dressed Arnold Schwarzenegger I think he
was crazy
South African he was saying he was
screaming out help me I need a
Lamborghini while they were arresting
him it was the bad sauce WorldStarHipHop
he's on look I mean if that's what you
want
what really happened it to Arnold
nothing what's really gonna happen to
that kid probably I don't know you don't
know South average it's look at look at
a Auto WOM beer in North Korea he steals
a sign and so it we don't know if the
laws like in South Africa could he think
it's not as bad as North Korea it's not
as bad as North Korea fucked him up
pretty well did they look like it yeah
second listen if you're if you're
dropped kicking people out of nowhere
that's the problem
when I was talking to Eddie Izzard yeah
Eddie ran a bunch of marathons in South
Africa 20 it was it was - it was a
designation it was the same number as
the amount of years that Nelson
Dell was in prison so it's 27 so he ran
27 marathons but there was areas where
they're like listen man you ain't
running through here like this is this
area you won't go to we're gonna take
you I'm gonna put you in a car we're
gonna drive you way the fuck past here
and then you keep running
you're not running through here so you
can killed right yeah yeah you'll get
you be carjacked this is we're all gonna
get shot you're not going through here
and that's you know there's parts of the
world that are like that and I'm Swartz
and Egger when he visited South Africa
what's the worst it got dropped kicked
in with poor technique okay I want to
say the kid had no follow-through
right right barely knocked a 71 you
first of all even though Arnold
Schwarzenegger 71 years old he's still a
71 year old Arnold yeah of course he's
still a tank but I mean even even fall
over kid drop yeah he didn't even know
it was coming right he gets hit in the
middle actually just and it is fine
it's kind of impressive I got your
present you do what do you got ready
okay what do you like best about me this
I got this this is the most Joe Rogan
thing that's like a thing a girl says to
you right she's about to trap you what
that's the end of like your personality
I like everything this is the most Joe
oregan thing I've ever found what is it
here you go well we got here take it
it's a mini museum so it's got 29
different things from all over the
universe encased in lucite Wow that is
fucking dope yeah Wow it's got a piece
of the White House a piece of the
Hollywood sign at some amazon water
giant sloth claw I think
thank you you are welcome to that will
go right fuck in here yeah here's the
book to tell separately much oh thank
you very cool
that's it where'd you find this I went
on one of my rabbit holes in the
internet I don't like all these shit
this is you've heard of it gel the
internet rabbit holes oh that's dope
dude thank you very much um so get the
doublet back oh yeah oh there's a bag
yeah feel like I need to have it out
though it's nice a bag right here I got
mine on display desk is so cluttered
this is a ridiculous to ever keep saying
I'm gonna clean it up yeah so tell me
more about your book uh why are you why
are you breaking um there's these
buildings said that's a dog whistle
that's a dog was a cover so there's a
guy named Ben garrison and he was a
regular conservative artist right and he
would have drawings about like Ben
Bernanke or Hillary or whatever the
Nazis took his art replaced all of his
drawings with Jews so instead of the
great wizard of debt being the Fed it
was a Jewish caricature and they did it
perfectly and they also invented this
whole backstory about him that he was
this closet Nazi and this poor guy in
Montana if you google him it's like
knots and he's like why is this
happening to me and the photoshop work
was perfect so eventually they calmed
down and you know you now he's kind of
like a regular cartoonist and this story
got out but that's his artwork so the
people this poor guy who was talking
about a victim of Nazis it's very rare
nowadays to have a new victim of Nazis
and he's actually one of them well meme
culture is very strong right yes and
those little humorous images that get
chucked around oh yeah there's a lot of
dirtbag sort of really profited off of
other people's me more - I like my
friend Don he's terrible he works for a
meme site yeah dirtbag those sites are
bad man some of them just flat-out steal
and some of them steal and then they'll
attribute oh yeah yeah yeah I'm where
like they'll just say your name and
sometimes they don't even say your name
they say a name of like a fake account
that doesn't even distribute it to
someone all week I thought we got it
from that person because they know that
it's at a hundred different account yes
but because bunch of people have this
guy's like you you'll find something you
like
this is funny and you pick it up but
then there's people that they make these
giant sites with all other people's work
and they curate them yeah and they make
millions yep
like a fat Jewish yeah oh yeah everyone
hates him they say oh this is one of you
this is like one of your big issues with
like people who will like take content
and basically agree to be appropriate
for themselves but first for sure would
stand-up comedy yeah but the thing
that's happening with memes is like
you're you if someone sends you
something like there's a bunch of things
that might like Eddie Bravo sends me for
hilarious ones all the time he'll send
me a funny meme and then I'll send it to
Brendan Schaub and I'm not asking who
made that me right so but a joke Brendan
doesn't think that I made it myself so
it's not like I'm stealing my joke but
I'm definitely not crediting the
original creator because I don't know
who the fuck it is right and those
things fly around they fly out so but
that's all with in good faith the person
with in bad faith right curates a
website and then starts profiting off of
it they find a loophole and then they
make deals with Comedy Central and then
they also have people who actually steal
stand-ups bits and turn those bits in
the memes and they put those bits on
their their meme pages and they do the
same shit they'll do it they just their
content need ears they need content
they're whores parasites yes so they
just they'll hire people to do it they
in the people that they hire they'll
they'll steal people's jokes and
tournament - memes it's real it's a real
problem yeah that's that's I mean that
nesic become a joke because then people
are like oh this is a rare pepe right
just like please say it's just like you
know even though you can replicate you
know that we have a lawsuit yeah I
talked about that in there no the new
one that's happening right now Alex
Jones refused to he refused to settle
out of court so they're gonna go to
court they're gonna figure out whether
or not Pepe you can use Pepe the Frog
but I mean I talked about this in the
context of it's like if King Andy Warhol
uses Campbell's soup can it's the same
thing it's like if yes someone creates
it but if someone is using it in a kind
of a broader satirical context well it
doesn't though because Andy probably
couldn't do that today
yes he could I think they'd soon if we
tried to make a lot of money off of
Campbell's hands corporations had more
power
back then unless accountability because
now the social media everyone lose their
minds on Campbell's right that's true
that's a good point I think that you
know what they did with Campbell's did
when he did this so he paints all 40
flavors of soup cans right puts him up
in a gallery Campbell is just like what
the fuck is this like they didn't know
what to do right and they didn't know
who to call this is unprecedented so
they had a storefront and they had the
cans at the window they go why pay a
hundred grand you could get it here for
a dollar so they tried to own it in
their own way that's smart that's smart
great advertising for them yeah I mean
Tighe antic advertising but that's the
other thing is like with this meme
culture people like Oh Pepe means white
supremacy it's like you can't Campbell's
doesn't say what a Campbell Soup cam
means different things mean this is not
news different things mean different
things to different people
and if you're using it in one context
doesn't mean other contexts aren't
legitimate that's how art and images
work yeah I mean that's almost like what
happened with the guy in Montana right
so yes his work and then turns it into
Nazi stuff and all sudden he becomes a
mob right nothing to do with it with
Pepe the Frog does that guy who met
Harry yeah he's so upset I know because
he's you know they did do you think they
did to him he had a cartoon where he
killed Pepe so all the trolls are like
oh that's interesting
so they took all his other characters
and made them full-blown Nazis so
Heinrich who's the wolf instead of
having reflections and a sunglasses had
the SS they're like oh you want you want
to throw it out we'll throw it out
asshole and that's what happened here
wolf has a Nazi name already no now they
gave the last name it's like Heinrich
something else but that name I'll tell
you oh my god I know no no this is
something not see what do they call it
that's a Nazi wolf yeah I cannot see
what maybe they what was that that's
hilarious it he thought he could just
kill it off that's like deep platforming
he thought I was gonna deep platformer
Pepe what's also like let's suppose I
decide to kill off Paul Bunyan what the
fuck how it yeah I can't what I mean
doesn't mean anything like the idea that
he's gonna kill it off and they're gonna
stop were killed his name was originally
land wolf
so they said his first name is Heinrich
the Sun you could pull it up and the
glasses well maybe we should have a
symmetry here but an Wolfe
as opposed to what sky was that mean the
funny thing is about Pepe was it was
always so bland and lame well that
before it was adopted as a meme like
when you said like feels bad man right
like it was like this is so low blood
sugar it bothers me but it's also the
idea of you're saying that because Nazis
are using it you can't use it as feels
bad man like right if you're giving it
okay symbol yeah they're using this way
you can't say oh that's okay
doesn't make any sense yeah you can't
say something may I go okay yeah I'm
Alice if I do that that's white
supremacy yeah that's know everybody for
years I had all series on my Instagram
page of people doing the okay sorry
course including me back when I had
earrings yeah Bill Cosby doing the okay
symbol it's fucking come on man you guys
know this is not that's not what this is
just because people are using it and
saying it is they're investigating
people are investigating people there
was a guy who is on television and the
other thing is we're at a point now
where it's more easy to give the finger
just someone than to say okay yeah geez
you blur the finger out and nobody cares
yeah but if you do that what is he doing
listen these touching his fingers you
can't even do like you're holding a
joint cuz that's like a white power
joint like if you like doing that like a
roach that's bad that's bad how do you
do you have to use a roach clip it's a
ploy by the roach clip industry but
there's I have a list in there all the
things that are called racist milk show
dinosaurs milk come racers Oh cuz then
what the trolls do is they make it let's
see we get him freaking out about milk
and they got it picnic my favorite one
the trolls did was the free bleeding
move Mountain I god that's the greatest
thing the people have ever accomplished
that they actually got women no no
that's not no no your there's two thing
you're confusing two things the free
bleeding was a woman who made it but
there was the pee on yourself
no small free bleeding was a 4chan troll
no it was the girl running a race
because she was she was actually smart
about she said this is to create
awareness toward women in third-world
countries who don't have access to
sanitary pads I
yeah I was reading a whole article on
the 4chan the creating the free bleeding
movement okay I could be wrong
so see if you get pulled out I know
there was a legitimate example of the
free bleeding yeah I think that was post
that Uncle Sam putting it up they've
done a few things like that they also
had P on yourself to fight rape all I
heard because that's one of the big
arguments that to fight a rapist if
you're actually in that situation P and
yourself that'll turn her away and it's
like you shouldn't give people advice
it's like listen if she's actually
getting assaulted what should she do in
that horrible circumstance and then it's
like pee on yourself to show your
support for victims sexual assault
wasn't there a senator someone that
actually said that if it's a legitimate
rule that's in there and Todd akin Todd
akin was running this is amazing Todd
akin was running for Senate in Missouri
and he's pro-life and they asked him a
very common question for all life people
what about if it's rape
and he goes well that's very rare and he
goes but my understanding is if a woman
is assaulted the body has a way of
shutting it down
now there's a book called sperm ORS and
apparently again I'm crazy scientists
don't get mad at me it didn't work
that's the books true it's not true
no no it's been disputed it's been
debunked okay thank you there's no
evidence that sperm
acts as anything other than sperm that
attacks the egg and tries to get it
pregnant the claim in that book yeah
yeah is that rape is more likely to
result in pregnancy than regular
intercourse the point is he got read out
of town and rail and then reza aslan who
said on twitter you know what I hope he
gets raped and if you take his comment
out of context it's very disturbing
mm-hmm and it's kind of disturbing in
context but Reza's response being like
this is a response to you being like yes
you get raped you're not gonna get
pregnant and he got the new right went
after him Reza and got him fired from
CNN years later za what he got fired
from he also caught us in a shit head
yeah so they're like they use that and
they use the other tweet and they cover
to him what's really free bleeding stuff
has been online there's an article I
found from 2004 oh wow crap so it's been
online for a long time but as we started
it fortune picked it up as a troll in
2014 okay so I started as a real thing
it's been a thing online for a
time on this blog 2011 there's another
thing when you fuck but when you find it
in 2004 was it a troll no it was all
about my vagina yeah my vag net yeah
yeah I told you I knew I'm glad I got
this right okay you got it right to my
vag fortune has too much power long my
revenge on net some ladies experience
with her free bleeding so she just lets
her fifteen years ago her twat bleed
sorry the article was so fucking
convincing that's a problem man that's a
problem you know and that's what people
in that are arguing for D platforming or
saying when they're like 4d platforming
anti-vaxxers or D platforming
flat-earthers or anybody who's got
information that's just not accurate in
terms of the other things climate change
I held on to my big answer is you guys
reported WMDs for a long time and
hundreds of thousand people got killed
because of this misinformation so if
that's going to be your standard you're
gonna have to deploy from the New York
Times as well so it's a very
double-edged sword when you start
talking about if people give
misinformation they have to be banned
from these social media sites you need
someone to be able to check the Orthodox
point of view no matter what it is
that's true there's no denying that what
you say Jim this is the poster that's
the I didn't know this was about a
poster it's a fair use issue with the
Pepe and Alex Jones like they're arguing
is fair use these are humans not blah
blah blah so interesting it's not just
because it's a meme or something yeah
there's the poster person behind Alex to
the left of Alex it's good question most
of these people are I know who all of
them I don't know that's like a
cigarette in their hand
or a test tube or a tampon what was that
what is that is that a bunt what is that
so the Sharpie you're writing some on
the Alex's back is that a dude or a guy
who fuck is that
yeah who is that I know everybody else
yeah whatever we could be here for days
is that diamond and silk okay I think it
was so okay oh no it must be diamond and
silk the two of them whose diamond and
so there are these two black ladies who
are Trump's biggest fans and they got
social media they start ranting and
raving
scene one and that one of them always
drinks blue line blue wine yeah and it's
like when you're so sick of his blue
bullshit they drinking literal kool-aid
it's blue she's got a blue drew liquid
it's crazy green and she's a tryst Bob
wait a minute maybe she's drinking
kool-aid like you can get you can't get
green kool-aid no I think it's wine wine
glass I think they have blue wine now
what look at the looks at her face she's
always seems sad I don't know which
one's diving for one silk ones Vera
always act really upset the other ones
just like why am I here that's a good
move if you just want attention if you
don't really support Trump they sit
there with your green line yeah just get
super outrageous may see and they
testified in front of Congress that's
why I love this timeline it's like this
is where we are they testified in front
of Congress about Facebook censoring
people oh yeah because Facebook is
censoring them they said will you see
what's going on with Alex Jones if you
write Alex Jones name on Facebook it
says only you can see this post I do
license name I do live streams a lot
right and if the live stream was my
thoughts on Alex Jones live stream the
second it's uploaded it's demonetized
and then later has to get ramana ties
once they see it's okay so the default
setting is and that's the other thing of
all of these people Alex Jones is the
worst one like you have actual
full-blown we need another holocaust
types and he's the villain yeah well
he's got a big platform that's the idea
the idea is that he's got a big platform
so they have to show you here's the
other lie they're like Oh blah blah blah
Sandy Hook you're like you're an upset
when the Sandy Hook should happen you're
getting upset about him now years later
because you're being whipped up into a
froth by the corporate press about it
you weren't saying he should be a beauty
platform seven years ago when was
whenever it was sandy yes when it was
something around them right so five
years ago well it becomes something that
is a talking point right right like that
he needs to be deep platform to either
agree with it or you don't agree with it
and I think that's the case with almost
what is happening with our something
happen up there
no I read the perch no this you're
messing with the guys are you're messing
with electronic okay um no there's no
approach here yeah okay good no we have
security I would not do well in a perch
you'll be fine dude stay in this room
this room's bulletproof is it yeah all
right good good to know yeah you all
right man
okay good are you worried about the
perch no are you worried about the
apocalypse no natural disasters not at
all nothing solar flares taking out the
grid no no nothing I mean there's eggs
at lights going one of the best books no
more serious at all and this is my
response to people on the far right and
I'm using that term accurately there's a
great book by Arthur Herman called the
idea of decline in Western history and
he talks about you know every 20 years
it's a different group on the left on
the right and they're like the world's
gonna end and he brings the receipts and
it never ends up happening because
people are smart some and we have a huge
asymmetry in wanting to stay alive so I
had the idea that the last of what
apocalypse what pride the Black Plague I
would say would be the last apocalypse
we've been doing so good so far do you
know about the people that got the black
pit excuse me the people that got the
black play because they were eating a
marmot liver
so was it a liver I thought they thought
it was the fleece from the rats no no no
no no there's some recently recently
recently got the black play but it's the
fluid of the rats the last time that
happened in the United States I think
was in the 1920s and that was in Los
Angeles actually the last evidence of
the yeah but you don't die from it
anymore oh you could definitely die from
it but they died in 20s I think they
died in their 20s I thought it's still
okay maybe the people died this year
from the Black Plague Oh che but it ate
the liver okay kidney I think right
cooling couple you know you're all
marmot kidney yeah
Marmot it's like a vole yeah yeah that's
what used to be 65 million years ago
yeah yeah yeah these people hate it ate
it and wound up dying from the play what
was the point I had a point about end
the world are we worried about the
polyps yeah you know that idea that
people have always worried about the end
of the world and it never happens sure
that's like saying
I've always worried about dying but I
never have I'm not gonna die I'm not
gonna die I'm gonna be I'm not gonna be
there you're gonna die
but I'm not gonna be there how do you
know what do you mean how do you know
you're not gonna be there um I mean
that's what dying means oh you you're
not gonna be there yeah die so you're
not gonna die right cause I'm not gonna
cure you not so don't even worry about
it there's one over you won't be here so
who cares I wouldn't say so who cares
but I mean if your entire life is
focusing on you know avoiding death
that's a very bad mindset yeah that's
for sure that's what I'm saying is that
I think people are operating with a very
small historical time launch and the
more I talk to people like Graham
Hancock would describe the overwhelming
evidence is something pretty severe
happened to the human race around twelve
thousand eight hundred years ago most
likely comet impact or something along
those lines other other people think
that it was actually a solar mass
coronal ejections made lightning storms
like rain storm that lightning was
coming down like rain all over the world
and just killed everything and this
thing could happen easily at any time
not easily oh yeah easily okay yeah
common impact or asteroid impact easily
ethic easily or not easily in terms of
likelihood because it would happen
easily turn a likelihood it what
happened by now no no it has happened
there's a lot of evidence that it's
happened it's just we're dealing with a
small timeline the ideas could you get
lucky and it won't happen in the next 60
years or so while you're alive yeah yeah
I could have an orchid hit tomorrow that
could happen too
okay I'll take that bet it's good bet I
mean it's good look your perspective is
good that's like it's good to not worry
so to not look at it because when you
have power yeah if you don't have power
to affect the combat as I personally
don't most room knowing it's coming who
can theoretically what can I do not it
just live and I one of my heroes Albert
Camus great French philosopher you know
his point about living to the point of
Tears right and I think what really I
find sad in this culture is cynicism and
hopelessness and it's like we're blessed
you know we have this I mean there's
beyond beyond the internet you can find
people who are making amazing things
more opportunities than you can count
and if you're just gonna sit there and
mope I mean you're blowing this great
gift that God's given you yeah well I
think a lot of those people that are
moping that are concentrating entirely
on the negative aspects of life they're
doing themselves a giant yes and they
can't it's almost like they can't help
it I think there's a lot of people that
are affecting the way culture shifts
today that are probably clinically
depressed and one of the things I resent
enormous ly about culture is this idea
if something is joyous or fun it's less
it's less legitimate artistically and
that is such a disgusting horrible
mindset and we need more joy and more
happiness and I for me because I want to
see Joe Josie well last night okay yeah
do you know what that is you know she's
a youtube star my nine-year-old loves
her so how do Joe Josie was birthday
concert last night okay at the Microsoft
Center whatever the fuck that is I know
cuz Burt ran into her at the airport
loves her too of it I bet cuz Burt has
young daughters too
yeah she's all about positivity yeah
believin achieve fun times I'll upload a
video later but is it also like is it
all like Zachary and like Disney stuff
course it's too serious the Sakura is a
girl I don't like that yeah yeah yeah
yeah like yeah she was taking old Queen
songs and reworking the words cleaning
him up she's like those mean people oh
she was she's cleaning
she's toning down Queen songs on downs
from Queen songs oh this woman's the
devil how dare you take someone's art
and and appropriate it and make it like
take out all the energy yeah she this is
corporate culture at its worst but she's
doing it for three-year olds bro
so to sleep five-year-olds they don't
need to be listening in Queen over there
it is oh Jesus Christ loves Freddie
Mercury bro what's problem no she
doesn't if she loved him she'd respect
him she's fucking 12 she know oh she's
16 excuse me yeah shouldn't know any
better she does know better how smart
were you and you were 16 smart enough
not to try to rewrite Queen I bet she
doesn't have a say in it I bet whoever's
pulling the strings gets her to read
that makes it even more nefarious of
course the Disney people or those
sensors but their ever it is the
producers what you eat am I wrong
here's the light where's the light what
song was it - I remember they did we are
the champions she sang that but
champions I mean someone's a loser
yeah no time for losers so once I
changed her no time no no no I don't
think to change that no time for recess
oh my god this is horrifying
yes videos this is like those videos
they made for like Mormons where they
took like Hollywood blockbusters and cut
out all the sex and all the cursing yeah
and it's like you are evil vampires
horrible monsters she did Crocodile Rock
Elton John okay and she changed Rainbow
Chevy to rainbow Beemer so Crocodile
Rock you know my theory is with that
song I tweeted this out years ago what I
just imagined Elton with a bunch of
friends they're all getting highs fuck
right and they're like alright let's try
to think of the most fucked up lyric and
Eric Elton you're gonna make a song
about it they're like I have a like a
like Crocodile Rock it's like alright
I'll fucking do it be fuck it's it's it
nails it what the fuck does that even
mean what does that mean
but I'll tell you what man the word
crocodile means something different to
me I have to watch that black mirror
episode titled crocodile I haven't seen
it
holy shit if you're listening to this
ladies and gentlemen and you have a
sensitive heart and you can't handle
really fucked up premises and a really
fucked up episode like her fans don't
want you don't watch it cuz it's rough
it's really good though
it's but it's like holy shit it's one of
those ones where they I'm not giving
away anything but at the end when you're
when you're done with that show you feel
like you need a fucking shower like whoa
oh geez it's dark okay has nothing to do
with the reptiles I do like dark it's
just dark it's dark I just read this
book by this woman Cynthia car called
fire in the belly it's it's the life
story of this artist David when he wrote
it - I don't know anything about and he
was in New York and there early to late
80s when AIDS was coming up
and as she tells his life story you hear
the story of aids permeating through
this culture and that book is as dark as
fuck because she'll have a scene where
he's like oh he had dinner in da da da
and the next sentence Keith Haring died
on this day at age 34 and you realize
this was like for them like they're
hanging out
phone rings Keith's dead and these are
men who are the symbols of virility
early late 20s early 30s just dropping
like flies and the thing is they're
watching each other die knowing I'm next
that's gonna be mean a year from now and
they're getting dementia before they die
so they're talking all crazy at age 30
so this book really fucked my head
really bad they were giving him a zt2
yeah yeah didn't help nobody loves later
at first they're like we don't know what
the fuck to do good luck and it's like
we're dying like I'm sorry shoulda suck
dick it's like what the fuck was to do
you know they were calling it the gay
cancer yeah they didn't know what it was
they did and and then when they were
trying to fight for education people
like well we're not going to teach kids
you know about sucking dick they're like
dude we're dying and they're like oh
sorry about it and it's this book really
got with fuck with my head especially
cuz you know it's real yeah did you ever
hear of bug catchers of course about
chasers bug chase web chasers yeah
that's again we're talking about things
are just fucked up about human beings
when you look at the spectrum of
behavior bug chasers are people who
tried yes maybe right because they
thought is one of the ultimate symbol of
being gay well I'm sure there's a bunch
of reasons that was the big reason well
sure there was probably that but
probably they felt bad that other people
had it and they wanted it and there was
other people that just wanted it because
they're crazy
sure and other people hated themselves
so they wanted there was also that guy
in Germany who's like I want to cut off
someone's dick and eat it and they got
someone signed up for it no he said I
wanna I want someone to cut off my dick
and eat it and I want them to eat me
right someone said sure let's meet up
yeah that's right I got a rock and so
this guy cut his dick off and they both
shared his dick and then killed the dude
and started eating them and then they
arrest them and they didn't know whether
to charge up cuz it's voluntary yeah
it's a good point
yeah well yeah I don't but I mean why
are you still like
you can't that's murders like it either
is murder or it's not murder like if
you're in a gay relationship with a guy
the guy says okay this one I want you to
do I want you to beat me up and rape me
you know like oh okay
can I get that in writing can you write
down what you beat me and then you know
if the cops come he's like he beat me up
any rape you know brought listen here he
wrote it right here he wanted made a
videotape you didn't use the video you
can use your safe word he said he wanted
me to beat him up with them and the cops
probably let you go but you can't murder
right you know I'm saying because
consensual sex is obviously legal so if
you have consensual sex with someone
it's legal but if you pretend to be
fighting them off right and it relaxes
you
it's fun it's roleplay but murders never
roleplay you know I found when I was
doing research for the book the National
Review who's my favorite paleontology
journal in the late 90s as the gay
rights movement was coming up into the
mainstream consciousness they wrote an
article comparing the struggle for gay
rights to a struggle for necrophilia
they're like well be the difference like
the fight and they talked about how
right now in the European Union
perverts are fighting for the right to
be violent toward each other in bed and
in various ways it's like yeah it's like
rough sex it's adjacent to vanilla sex
yeah they liked it and now the art the
articles are the conservative case for
gay marriage it's like you guys have no
fucking shame then and you have no
fucking shame now at least be consistent
one of the things that disturbed me
greatly today is there is a movement and
I don't know how big it is but it's a
movement for people to try to recognize
pedophiles as a sexual distinction a
sexual designation rather than a sick
disease that similar to being trans or
being right or that some people are just
born pedophiles well I think what's
important there is it's not just a crime
because a crime can be fixed and treated
so I think it is important to understand
these people will always psychologically
be pedophiles and you're not going to
get them to be like straight
you know homo no therapy that's ever
been shown that I think it's like trying
to make someone who's gay it's straight
is it really that so that's my
understanding if that's the case and is
there an argument that we should be more
compassionate with them as long as they
don't act on that but that's the danger
because the other thing what they don't
understand is from their point of view
those kids are giving consent which they
are right the kids saying yes so they're
like look maybe that's what's scary and
even know if they do right nobody they
they don't think a statutory rape being
a thing and I knew okay this this is why
in turn to the place long ago and there
was a librarian who worked there like a
Guido type you know and girl or guy guy
and years later he was arrested he was a
school teacher he was arrested in an
undercover sting trying to meet a kid
who he knew was 13 or 12 in a park to
try to sleep with him right this was a
Jeanine Pirro who later became a fox
commentator he got out of jail and I see
him on Facebook he's married with kids
and it's just like I you think it's fine
that that's just scary shit and it's
another thing to be switched gender to
if you're going for young boys you're
gonna go to like regular aged women I
don't see how that would work
right right and this is something that's
such a taboo topic that I don't think
once you for a lot of people correctly
once you start talking about kids and
sexuality their hackles raised it is a
PC subject cuz it's like while you've
been introducing this into the
conversation where you're going with
this it's a very very very slippery
slope well if you're trying to say if
they're trying to say that this is
something that people are born with I
don't think there's evidence that people
just are born that way I think there's
evidence that people become that way
from sexual abuse yes that's true too
absolutely and they think it's a
probably never heard of anybody they
grew up in a normal household wasn't
abused is that the case I'm not in a
position to talk about this at all I
think we have probably have very few
cases of pedophiles on the record
explaining how they came to this point
of view right of an eat-in either
situation born or abused I can't see how
this is something that's going to be an
emotion level you're going to be able to
turn them
well it's also a super the idea of that
being in your neighborhood yes this is
in your neighborhood you've got this guy
who likes to fuck kids and he promises
not to do it anymore they did a few
times they locked him up in a cage now
you live down the street and he locked
up in a cage where he was traumatized
also further traumatized
oh yeah so and also if he promises not
to do it but knowing when he's looking
at she's checking out my son or my
daughter yeah mmm I did not expect to be
talking about this today I'm not course
fuckin that the human mind can be that
it be imprinted and you're abused when
you're younger that you go on to do that
same thing that was horrific lead unto
you that that is a common thing that
happens with children that makes it
abuse it doesn't make sense to you it
does make sense
it just to me it's like that way I
wasn't abused I was enjoying it could be
right you know that that way it takes
away the trauma because it's like oh
this is how I've always been so it was
okay nothing happened to me and you
don't have to deal with the trauma that
way well that's what Milo and when he
was talking about right being sexually
abused as a child right I think that's
what he was kind of doing oh yes saying
that I was the predator and I was going
on I talked about that in the book
because him it was anyone other than
Milo people because he was older he
wasn't like 12 he was like whatever 18
14 no no he's like I think he was like I
remember how old no no he's a team it
was fun there wasn't a team but it
wasn't 12 Inc he was a teenager but he
sure if it was somebody else people be
talking my head or normativity right and
it's historically not that weird for an
older gay dude to give the younger gay
guy especially when everyone was
closeted to kind of initiate them into
the lifestyle this was a thing but it's
Milo now it's all my god you want
pedophilia blah blah it's like their
different standards for gay people
they're for straight people and that's
appropriate and acceptable and people
understand that in other contexts well
the problem is society as the way we
understand human beings and the way a
person's brain works when you're young
you shouldn't be allowed to make those
decisions because sexually in particular
you could get coerced you can guess you
can get you can wind up doing something
that you don't want to do that can be
straight guys that are 14 years old cher
talked into having gay sex by a very
charismatic four
your old man who gives him things the
idea is that this is a bad thing for the
boy it's bad thing because you wouldn't
want to happen to a girl why would you
want to happen to avoid but I think it's
a very different phenomenon for a 30
year old man to sleep with a 30 year old
gay man to sleep with a 16 year old gay
man as for a 30 year old boy sure as
opposed to a 30 year old game straight
man to sleep with a 16 year old straight
girl I think you can make that argument
there is a little bit different I still
don't think it's okay I'm not saying
it's okay I'm just saying yes there's
clearly it's different it's different
yeah especially if the boys like very
gay very seriously yeah which you know
everyone for high school remembers or as
he's not a virgin right true to that
first score that first guy for that girl
will fuck with her head for her life for
many women for him it could be was first
yeah that's a very big difference too
yeah yeah you don't want to be that
first guy that's a lot of work I don't
even mean with gay I mean what straight
to I don't think I ever had a virgin in
my life I've never had a virgin thank
God so much work I connected you'd be
like forever
I thought you mystically be too much
work no no no no no I mean yeah I should
probably clarify yeah I mean being
connected that / it's too significant
you want to be like the third guy you
don't want to be the first guy girl has
sex with you were always my first
Michael I'll never forget I always
thought that we were supposed to be
together forever and ever because I
believe in movies and fairy tale is that
you were and I listened to the Queen
songs with the nice lyrics to work to
jizz he was concert she explained
everything was like a movie
yeah you were yeah that's a thing right
like people do get emotionally attached
to romantic stories that they see in
movies and they want their life to play
out like this fictional narrative and
and the left uses this a lot because
they'll have all these leftist ideas in
culture and movies and that's where a
lot of people get their programming and
then it's like you know for example
here's an idea you don't see in culture
that people very often knowingly and
consciously do the wrong thing that
happens every day people know they're
doing something fucked up you don't
really see that that much in like TV and
movies and that's a right-wing message
that like you know people sometimes are
basically Eve
and yeah run into someone at that point
in their life they are evil that's a
fact
yeah sure that exists all over the world
or like yeah and it's also evil in a
small scale like if you're in an office
and someone's getting chewed out and
they're getting bullied for whatever
reason and you're sitting there and
you're keeping your mouth shut
you're not Hitler but you know you're
doing the wrong thing what you're trying
to protect your job right sure the balls
to come down on you but a lot of times
you have that space and you still won't
do it and that's knowingly doing the
wrong thing and I'm not saying you
should be thrown in the garbage but I'm
saying people do that all the time these
little sacrifices they make with their
conscience mmm that's true you know and
you don't see that really represented
and that's an important idea for people
to understand that people are often weak
yeah and always especially if you're
going check to check always worried
you're losing your job losing your gig
yeah that's a real big thing with people
though I was on vacation once Moses guy
who was a boss and he was there with his
employee and his employees family and he
was mean to his employees daughter
that's horrifying
a watch that the guy had to take it he's
just talking shitty to her it was just
it was really gross because you can see
the dynamic play out he was just this
mean old guy just really shitty it was
just it was disturbing to see this weak
man like just having to accept the fact
that this guy is right shitty to his
daughter and he was giving her a lecture
and berating her and doing it publicly
like oh my god that's an is this who you
wanted to grow up to be is this job
worth it it was so gross on what I
wanted to step in I was like I just want
to tell this guy shut the fuck up
driving me nuts I remember when I was
back before I said I started you know
being an author I was working at Goldman
and it was a very stressful job and I
had my review and they said oh you know
if you have downtime sometimes we see
you like going online we want you to
help the laptop lab and I just go no and
she goes what I said I wasn't hired to
do laptops I'm not interested in
learning laptops and there are the job
is very intense in high-stress
so if I have downtime I'm going to you
know use the downtime and and the look
on her face was just like as if I I just
been added myself as a pedophile what
did it mean
I used the I was doing laptop the lab
lab right I was doing tech support so
like okay Microsoft Word Excel people
had problems they would call on-the-fly
you got to have an answer for them it's
very it's like a quiz show you're living
put show and then there's a laptop lab
people are checking out laptops they're
setting up laptops which is a very
different skill set something I didn't
really know setting up in terms before
downloading sure yeah I got you know
what were I didn't know then I still
don't know I think I don't fucking know
not my job no I'm not and I'm not
interested in working as hard as
possible well also like when you have
downtime what did they want you to work
extra if the point is the phone rings or
a doesn't ring right yes your job if
that's my job it my jobs to get her off
the phone as fast as possible because
their problem solved so they're what
they were saying was while you were
doing this other job and waiting for
something to come up we want to keep you
working specifically different job
correct yeah no corporations man that's
right squeeze that rock right and it's
like why am i busting my ass to make
Goldman Sachs that extra five dollars of
value fuck you and I'm so proud of
myself are you they fired because I
refused to work on Thanksgiving because
my great grandma had died so I wanted
you to work on Thanksgiving when we were
24/7 but we're 24 Alyssa helpdesk oh wow
but you must have shifts I was second
shift 4 p.m. to midnight right every
night Monday through Thursday Thursday
ok
and they go oh we're having you in on
Thursday during the day Thanksgiving Day
and I'd promised MA and I work second
shift so they wanted me for it at
midnight then in there at 9:00 and I
said no I promised my grandma I'd have
Thanksgiving dinner with lunch with her
I could have called my grandmother
scheduled I didn't want to be that guy
because I knew this is one of those you
know things that like this is a the fork
wrote got crossroads in your life and
they go we'll find someone else to cover
your shift and I last everyone else had
plans and they go well we need you
midnight you know it didn't ii next day
for lunch and I said no and they fired
me and I'm very very glad I did that and
I had lunch with grandma her mom had
just died are they allowed to fire you
for that if it's not your shift yeah of
course they are of course well no the
shift every week they you got the
calendar
all right so this is scheduled right oh
I see so you wasn't you didn't have a
specific shift like a michael everyday
you come in at 8 o'clock
not even I usually did or for Clinton
when you had holidays things had to
change
hmm and I'm like well I don't care and I
had no regrets well worked out it did
but did you ever think that you'd be
like this
what are you what do you a pundit I'm a
trimer what am i an author media
personality I thinks the word said troll
though immediately like that went right
to about myself but you wanted to be a
troll I don't like that yeah the first
thing you think on it it's like if
someone says like what do you do you
like troll I'm an author no well
actually you know what I say when people
ask me what I do I say you know those
obnoxious people who have a job giving
their uninformed opinion that's me
that's what I usually say interesting
yeah it's not funny that that's a job
all you have to do is be kind of
entertaining and have an interesting way
of looking at things it's great that's
this is what I'm talking about being
blessed and I don't take it for granted
and the fact that like people pay my
rent because of my sick burns on Twitter
on patreon says burn either I love my
sick first and you used to be a
Microsoft help representative for
Goldman Sachs wanted yeah
was it Microsoft just Microsoft where
yeah yeah Walden Microsoft products yeah
yeah do you use Windows I do do you yeah
you don't use the Apple I don't you seem
like a guy you seem like a guy using
Android phone - I have an Android phone
uh-huh yeah a little bit of a contrarian
I have a little bit yeah do you like
Windows because the people that use
Mac's are just like following the sheep
herd I use Windows because that's what I
was professional on so I haven't changed
it all this time the only thing that
bugs me about Windows I have to
constantly be updating yeah you turn
that shit off you have to turn that shit
off why because like I'm up to sometimes
just crashed my computer Oh
when it updates yeah so I'm not rolling
that fear of the computer restart how
often do you update your software never
but what if they fix like vulnerability
they're gonna invent new words it's fine
it's fine if they get the squiggly line
when I write the word mean why what I
worry about is like vulnerabilities to
the system
I have everything backed up in three
places
I'm a crazy person like that okay so
you're ready to rock and do you run some
run a VPN no no and I'm hiding that shit
too
why would you why would you say that I'm
there oh shit they're gonna think I'm
gonna get swatted now I get you gotta
get slaughtered or pirates they're gonna
fucking die are you sure me and Madonna
with the I gotcha
let's get Madonna has an eyepatch yeah I
didn't see that thing see I think it's a
fashion thing but it could be a glaucoma
thing she's got an eye patch mmm maybe
she's just a fan of Slick Rick do you
know whose did you know my favorite
comedian Neil hamburger yeah sure I love
Neil eye he's my absolute favorite
comedian so Larry and one of his jokes
is what do you call a senior citizen who
can't help but expose their genitalia in
public Madonna and he says it'll sad
it's a weird act he's so funny oh he's
the best no it's just a strange strange
act well he's just basically Tony
Clifton yeah as it as a stand-up but
better not better material much better
material yeah yeah and better
presentation I talked about Kaufman in
the book because he's the first troll
hmm and it happened was the first sure
yeah and there's this great he had this
character Tony Clifton people don't know
who's this like angry lounge singer and
Tony did this bit he would perform I
think was in Atlantic City and he said
hey my wife died whenever I look at my
daughter's you know Stephanie's eyes I
see her so let's Stefan to come out into
a song sits on his lap are they sing her
voice cracks he smacks her across the
face he goes are you fucking it up
the audience is booing goes don't boo he
was gonna make her cry more and it
wasn't even a kid it's an actress you
know what I mean what is that it's just
beautiful drawling yeah well he used to
Coffman's to go onstage and sing the
Mighty Mouse theme song but just
inviting us all right yeah here I come
to save the day he did this special and
I think was ABC refused to air for two
years and one of the parts it was like
pee-wee's Playhouse previous Playhouse
he had a girl from Sound of Music and
she's like oh she starred in his you
know restart her career he called it has
been corner and she comes out he goes so
at what point did you realize you
weren't gonna make it in show business I
it's just she's it on it right you know
but it's you're sitting there like oh my
god
even if you know it's gonna sting and
she's like real I'm trying to restart my
career he goes well I don't think it's
gonna happen for you but good luck and
it you're just like oh my god well how
about when he was wrestling women that
was the thing a sexual thing but yeah
I'm sure yeah but it was also trolling
is it yeah yeah screaming oh that's yeah
that part but yeah yeah but III didn't
that I'm not a fan of dude the fucking
people at the wrestling arena they
wanted to kill him yeah they wanted to
fucking kill him I they thought it was
real I got Dolph Ziggler coming up on my
show tomorrow and he's like he come came
out once dressed as the Undertaker and
the audience what he pulls off that head
for like brewing goes oh you thought it
was really gonna be him you only see
once a year so he fucking comes dressed
as other wrestlers just to troll the
audience I love that shit well when you
got to think also when Kauffman was
doing this there was real discussion as
to whether or not wrestling was real
yeah this is a different time yeah it's
amazing you could look back at these
arguments that people like oh yeah yeah
it's it's holy fucking real no he was
taken do you know it's really though
what's fascinating though cuz with the
rise of the MMA yeah I just saw like the
the WV address square garden we know
what the dynamics of fighting looks like
right
but the wrestlers it's still the same
motions it's like we know that if you
hit someone here how they actually react
because we've seen it thousands of times
for real yeah but you guys are still
like if someone punches you in the neck
you're not gonna be passed out in the
floor what's also like some wrestlers
got upset because I was explaining that
a figure four leglock doesn't work not
only does it not work but you're setting
yourself up for heel hook okay I'm like
let me explain yeah yeah and they were
mad like how dare you disrespect
wrestling well it's also like if you
clothesline someone that's gonna hurt
you no no no that's not if someone 200
pounds hits me here it's not gonna hurt
my shoulder no no okay okay they're not
know what the fuck I'm talking about
this I'll fuck you up with a clothesline
how that's like you just hitting someone
that they had your forearm you can fuck
somebody up with a clothesline really
100% in the neck 100 but it's not gonna
hurt you know
mean mine okay okay yeah every time you
punch somebody could break you're sure
I'm sure but no are you closing on
someone that shit's totally legitimately
that people get Kayode from that all the
time
it's like a like a like like if you kick
someone in the neck right like if
someone gets neck kicked they go out
sure at times you could do that with
your arm same thing same motion your
shin is stronger or than your forearm
but especially this way see there's two
bones right there's the the ulnar and
what's the tibia fibia no that's your
leg okay I don't tibia is I broke the
fibula the smaller one or the tibia
which one I broke the little one which
one's the big one which one's your shin
your tip your femurs the top and then I
Beulah I think it's the fibula I broke
I broke the one what's that tibia is the
bigger one yeah I broke the smaller one
okay it was fucking gross it was really
painful they couldn't do anything about
it it just it was just a hairline
fracture Oh see that guy just oh she
said clothesline by this dude boom okay
all right Wow
the cop doesn't know how to land it look
you went down with it too he probably
broke his fucking arm
fuck that cop broke his arm see that guy
was barely using his arm oh it
definitely works out okay yeah like in
in the UFC well the thing is like my
point was I think the big where's the
big bone where's the little bone I think
in the front this happens all the time
guys get kicked in this bone breaks
actually sometimes pull to the bones
break but it with a spinning backfist
when they're landing it a lot of times
they're landing it with their with their
forearm what not landing it with the
actual fist what about the Randy Savage
if you're jumping out the top rope on
your elbow won't you break your elbow or
kill the person if you're landing on his
neck you will hurt them for sure
and you'll slamming down the elbow it's
definitely got more force but when
you're getting on top of someone and
you're smashing with elbows which you
can do in MMA you can generate
incredible amounts of force if you ever
watch a guy workout on the heavy bag
with the heavy bags on the ground they
work the ground and pound just boom well
I mean you think about that being a
fucking head it's a creek but and if
you're 200 pounds 250 jumping off a rope
on
a small point I would think that would I
mean break something in there it could
could just really hit yeah right sure
but if that were for real but just that
first of all the reality is just that
alone I mean even though he only like
bounces off of them a little bit yeah
he's he's just got it down where he
lands first with the feet if you watch
the impact
if you slow you right yeah the feet land
first and then he's absorbing all of it
and just he lands the the the side of
his body on the guy's chest okay but
it's a secondary impact boom see he
collapses yeah - it's like e1 - and he
doesn't hit him that hard but he had
some hard enough that it sucks
like it ain't fun to be yes yes it's a
tough gig but that shit would work
clotheslining someone would work it's
just not ideal the ideal thing to do if
someone's just palm them in the face if
you get close line one you could also
just palm them in the face well that's
that the good thing about the palm in
the face is that first of all it's
extremely difficult to break your palm
like this think about what you can do
okay this is an oak table and I'm
slamming my hand into I have no pain at
all you can't do that with any other
part of your body you can't kick it like
that if with your shin you know you
can't punch it like that with your
knuckles even your elbow kind of hurts
more than your palm the palm you can
really fuck you got the funny bone - yes
yeah but you could fuck somebody up with
an elbow though sure like in Muay Thai
it's one of the eight points of contact
but a palm strike someone's charging I
could just smack them that you could
have a tremendous impact on your hand
and still get away with it and knock
someone out Jon hack woman who is Chuck
Liddell's former trainer trainer of
actually current trainer if he still
works out training Clover to share just
one of the best guys in MMA he has these
little videos on his Instagram I think
it's the pit or pit master pit master on
Instagram talking about Street
self-defence things and he's always
advocating hitting people with your palm
some people break their hands all Tommy
isn't that the whole thing hit him in
the nose to kind of that's not real
that's not real
the idea of Drive the bone up you'll
break their nose not that you're gonna
kill them but like that's the easiest
self-defense anywhere even the side of
the head but
the ideas hitting him with the palm I
thought you're gonna say when I said
that's not real there was when we were
kids it was like a karate movie yes a
guy would hit the palm up to the nose
the nose bone would go into the brain it
would kill someone skin it that happened
in like a Seagal movie just smash him in
the nose I thought you're gonna say that
but the idea is you could just without
worry of consequences
you could palm strike someone in the
face like really hard and never break
your hand a regular person throwing a
punch you have a real good chance of
breaking your hand okay real good chance
like if you crack someone in the
forehead most likely you gonna break
your hand like that rest or something
else but with your palms you could just
fucking way lay somebody you could smack
the shit out of somebody but then you
look kind of silly there was a an
organization that MMA more organization
back in the early days called Pancrase I
think they might be still around but
they have modified rules but Pancrase
back in the day they were wrestling
shoes with shin pads and they wore like
little tiny little speedos and they
would smack each other with their hands
so they'd kick and punch and do
submission techniques was fairly crude
in comparison to today's mm matter but
we got to see a lot of leg locks back
then and there was there was some fishy
fights too but my point is like bas
Rutten was the first guy figured out how
to really fuck people up with palm
strikes and what he did is he has really
flexible wrists he's a badass striker so
he learned how to pull his hands way
back and he would just throw them like
punches he would just do the same
motions that he would do with a punch
but just smash guys with his with his
palms and he was lighting people up like
Christmas tree grace with that it's
horrific to what he fucked he Kayode a
bunch of people with his palms huh CB
watch bas Rutten KO put bas Rutten kalos
foo naki he kod Funaki who is like an
elite MMA fighter who was a Hicks and
Gracie's last opponent when Hickson was
fighting MMA but Funaki I think started
out in Pancrase and bas Rutten ke Odom
and the way ke Odom was like like like a
punch but he was doing it with his palms
huh just smashing people it's just like
your hand like there's a lot of things
you think wouldn't work
clotheslines one of them that shit would
work okay that's my point
but mine not the honky tonk man's moved
though what's the home to talk to shake
rattle and roll
I just flips him on his back it's like
why is this even hurt mm you don't
remember this you don't watch wrestling
ladies no well how about the DDT here so
here's boss
I'll give that knee oh yeah back up
before that back up before that here
watch watch I hit him he's so he's
usually boss was a fucking gorilla back
there gonna sighs OH see smacking the
shit out of them he's using his hand see
how he's hitting with yeah yes he's
throwing him like punches but this knees
what did it boom yeah boss was a beast
man he was a fucking beast he was
probably the first really elite striker
that we saw an MMA were you like whoa
like this is what can happen like when
he was kicking people and Pancrase
everybody was like whoa like this is
this guy can fucking kick like you're
seeing a lot of guys who were kicking
that were kind of like karate be yeah
yeah maybe they didn't have as much
power but bas was he was a Dutch kick
box he was smashing people boom he looks
scary as shit he was a bad motherfucker
bad motherfucker he won the UFC
heavyweight title he was the first guy
ever I think in my recollection to win a
title off of his back by from strikes he
fought Kevin Randleman Kevin random is a
badass wrestler kept taking him down and
boss was beating the shit out of him
from the bottom throwing elbows and they
gave him a decision which a lot of
people disagreed with but I was like man
you look at the volume of strikes landed
but damage and way more you just just
being on tops not good enough you have
to actually do something with the
position huh
okay this is not a subject expert mode
yeah yeah yeah hey yeah this is this is
the old-school buck you got to realize a
body kick fuck fuck people up man bas
Rutten was no joke man dude he was
fucking people up they nobody had seen
anything like that this those guys just
couldn't strike like that they didn't
have that kind of power you'd see the
impact but then you know like all things
it caught up yeah yeah good lord the USC
then they got um there was some elite
fighters to start showing up in the
so yes they mando vite smashing machine
marker marker yeah well he was different
man he was a wrestler he was a wrestler
slash science project
he was juiced up real good oh my god
that's to put it mildly
it's a great documentary yeah the
special machine you saw it yeah yeah
it's amazing it caught him they would
they were that documentary the purpose
of it was initially to catch him as the
scariest fighter on the planet this guy
who's just this Goliath who's just
dominating people in Japan but in the
process of documenting it he was falling
apart that's him when he was his biggest
he was his neck would start at his ears
and he was very skillful as well I mean
just really gives all-american wrestler
was one that right the elite wrestler
and just just gigantic look at that
upper left hand picture upper left look
at that one yeah but click on that
that's the one I started no why is it
look no that's different it's very
different the same photo no it's not
it's just different photos yeah but look
at them that one looks like shit go to
the other one again that's a different
version of it look at the fuckin Jesus
Christ that is insane the fact that a
person could get to look like that
sounds insane there's guys that look
like that at my gym fuck you all at
Harbor Fitness who are listening to this
show in the locker room while my scrawny
ass is right there you don't even notice
me well you wonder like what it's like
walking around looking like that well
you can find out if you took all those
same steroids yeah but they're also like
six you know yeah yeah you'd be a mini
version of that yeah I do yeah likely
praise yeah do you lift weights yeah
what kind of shit do you do I have a
split six days a week do you have a
trainer yeah oh Michael Wolfe you trying
to shout out to Michael Wolfe yeah yeah
always a deadlift but it's also
important for me psychologically and for
people who are depressed or anxious I've
sometimes have a lot of downtime so if I
go to the gym I can tell my brain I'm
objectively a better person than
yesterday
and I did something today so it really
helps with keeping you mentally grounded
I'm never gonna get jacked but I could I
learned this from Matt Hughes Matt he
was the first one
take me to gym really yeah Matthew yeah
all the first want to take you to it
yeah Thurs book when I realized I don't
have to look like marker I could still
look like a better version of me yes and
when you have that realization it's it's
very liberating the mental health
benefits yes and and people need to
realize that and the thing is other
people were like really I'd like the
first day I went I was all nervous and I
know what I'm doing and there was a guy
I wish I could thank him he's like we
don't this machine and I'm like yeah he
goes thanks brother I like alright no
one here is judging you everyone's doing
their own shit yeah and if you're if
you're happy you're working out and if
you're fat everyone's cheering you on
yeah yeah yeah they they're like fuck
yeah you're getting it's good for you no
the opposite of what people would think
yeah so no one cares it's I really
recommend it yeah there's a lot of gyms
have a good culture of support a good
culture of encouragement you know like
there's a reason why a lot of people
that are on Instagram are fitness people
that are also motivational yeah this is
the culture of these communities like
when you see people doing raps like come
on come on you got it you got it you got
it
like that sort of support is there's
something - there's endorphins you get
released when you're all pushing each
other together I mean that's one of the
big rushes of martial arts training is
that you push each other you workout
together and then afterwards over you
just everything seems to be more normal
and I seems more rational and I have
people follow me on Twitter instead like
Jack people and they give me advice and
they're very supportive yes and that's
that's the real big misconception I
guess from those movies this is retro
rom-coms will tell you that the guy who
is like a big guy's a bully and
sometimes he is but most the people who
are like serious about fitness they want
other people to be like come on this is
this will be great for you yeah I think
most people's experience with bullies is
really high school stuff right it's like
jocks in high school and a lot of them
are just as we're saying insecure and a
lot of them are also probably it's
probably their experience it's
experimental at home from their dad and
I think that's changed a lot because
thanks to the internet now I think the
jocks respect the Nerds a lot more when
I was working with Hughes and I met all
those fighters they could not be
friendlier or more like hey you're
you're doing your thing
I do my thing I can relate to that
that's awesome so there was no I'll look
at this pussy or whatever like that
yeah well fighters are a lot nicer than
people think
but they're because they're so
disciplined is it's that for sure and
they know what it's like to get their
ass kicked and it's humbling mas oyama
who's a famous karate guy he he said
it's not that fighters are any nicer is
karthika he was calling it you know
karate practitioners or any nicer it's
just they're tired from training he
might be right but they they do behave
nicer because of that it's it's both but
I think it's also one of the things I
love about the Internet is that if
you're doing your thing now people
respect someone else's doing their own
weird thing yeah as opposed to when we
were kids there'd be that one weirdo
like I had this tweet there's two types
of people right if you learn someone is
a guinea pig breeder there's two
approaches you're weird what the fuck's
wrong with you or sit down and tell me
everything
yeah and I'm very much and people who
follow me or the second one it's like
you're doing your thing it gives you joy
and passion I've never heard of it let
me know I want to know dude i watched an
episode of Anthony Bourdain's
old show was called No Reservations and
he was in I forget what country was but
these people bred guinea pigs for food
oh yeah South America candies yeah they
had guinea pigs running around the house
oh they were all over the place yeah and
then when they wanted to cook something
they reached down grabbed a guinea pig
just picked it up and killed oh yeah
cooked it all the other kid because if
you fucking yeah they said to me they're
nearly dumb but they don't it's it's
it's a good argument for eating guinea
pigs it's like they don't seem to miss
their friend
I just got someone just paid held me a
contribution 300 bucks Adam and he says
go out to dinner buy something stupid
hold on no better if someone says this
is for stupid things I'm like all right
it's an order it's your money so I
bought some stupid things give you some
money I got this and I'm like elephant
is unethical mmm there's they recognize
themselves in the mirror they have a
social structure this is giraffe it's
stupid I got a giraffe leather wallet
let me see
you go wow but it's nice and it's get
your raps are so nice they're they're
dumb
they're like cows are they dumb they're
doubt they're just dumb that they're
dumb they're done
are you sure I'm positive to run tests
on my friend
Owens my friend's parents each one is
zoo and I've gone I've gone with him two
differences giraffes are very dumb but
they're so peaceful that they let little
kids feed them at the zoo that's one of
the only animals where they let people
feed him that's true and they just reach
out with their tongue oh yeah never
forget that my daughter was like to take
him to the zoo and her giggling and
laughing they're amazing the big crazy
tongue comes out and grabs the lettuce
they can clean their ears with their
tongue ooh
yeah I would that was a joke that I used
to have about how they're the only
animal that I could point to that's a
wild animal that doesn't seem to have
any problem with domestication yeah when
they're at the zoo they're like another
day with no lions and just strolling
around did you ever see that blue planet
where the lines are trying to kill the
giraffe in the desert and she's he's
just kicking him in the face dude they
kick him and break their mouth and jaws
there's no child really dangerous for
lions when they fuck with zebras or
injure a strap zebras as well yeah yeah
but whenever they fuck with any animal
with hooves that's probably one of the
reasons why they have hooves
you know it's like a weapon same like
they have antlers I mean it certainly
helps them traverse difficult terrain it
helps them run protects their feet where
do you draw the line when it comes to
like leather or different animals it's
good question yeah I I've gotten very
very interested in elephants you know in
terms of like their social structure and
what they're like and in learning about
how intelligence they are and how long
the memory is and I don't want to have
anything to do with elephant leather
like or ivory
unless it's pre bad a cue a long time
ago that had elephant ear as a rap okay
and I didn't think anything of it but
now I think yeah that's my line
I like they have elephant wallets and I
was like no I'm not comfortable this
here's your thing man
pigs are super fucking smart pigs are
real sweet and when you domesticate them
like people have domesticated pigs that
lungs are well fed they behave a lot
dogs the only difference being of course
if you fall on the Pigpen they will
fucking eat you yeah and they got a do
ya often that have thats a very common
way for farmers to die they fall in the
Pigpen and the finally scraps of clothes
and like oh my god and just a puddle
blood my buddy but fuck is left there
yes so I know now thankfully they're
coming out with this kind of synthetic
food you know this isn't that even meat
people know that mimics pork or chicken
I'm mimicking its actual chicken cells
or pork cells yes yes and that's gonna
be a great day yeah that brings me the
the beyond burger that people keep it go
--gel discs because I want to make sure
this is true someone sent me this I
didn't have the time to check beyond
meat test positive for glyphosate lets
glyphosate glyphosate is roundup Masson
this is very fucking dangerous they're
trying to pretend it's not but meanwhile
they're dishing out fucking lawsuits
when yeah yeah one couple got was it 2
billion dollars I got a two billion
dollar ruling against Monsanto another
guy got 5 million it's just it's a 2
billion because they got cancer being
pesticides I'm like maybe the I'll drink
that 6 you got a good lawyers were big
yeah they're probably gonna lose and I
mean that seems like a lot of money of
course but I was reading that that you
know if it's a it's a meat-based a non
meat based burger that's supposed to
taste pretty similar to me I haven't had
one no but what the one's saying is now
they figured out how to take ya cells
and replicate right it actually is meat
no bright but it says no animals being
killed right which is the ideal she
wonder if it's an it's dangerous for you
but this glyphosate thing I need to find
out if this is correct that's the only
reason why I brought it up I just
remembered and I think it's important
for people to have this is one of the
best things about that whole kind of
paleo Whole Foods situation no way if
you're gonna act in a certain way
towards your food know what you're doing
yeah I'd be happy to draw that line
about ok what are you comfortable with
and defend your decision yeah yeah what
what are you willing to kill you know my
friend Chris Pratt oh yes hey he's got a
farm like his own thing that he does and
he takes lamb and you know he he puts
the rod on their head and yeah and puts
him to sleep and they have no idea
what's gonna happen and then they just
die
instantly and he made this like really
detailed post on Instagram about it and
people got super upset with them you
know that he talked about this as a
peaceful thing and that he has these
animals that he loves and cares for and
you can see pictures of him like
touching them and holding them and then
later they're packaged up as meat and
like but but you saw just a steak you
wouldn't have a problem with it like if
someone said look I cook the steak you'd
get a lot of people like oh that looks
good but it's like I killed this animal
and now I'm gonna cook it people like
you're a monster everyone has to other
than getting hit by cars and if people
have to put down their dogs and their
cats yeah so maybe this is not and that
lamb is being bred for that purpose and
it's being done painlessly that's the
important thing
and I'm sure that lamb had a good life
and it wasn't a factory crowded
shoulder-to-shoulder existence this
torture situation yeah I'm sure but it's
a very quick life you know lamb is a
baby sure lambs a baby nature is about
us eating babies yeah I've no I haven't
had mutton I haven't had like a sheep
sheep you know that's such a British
thing and it's always like in these old
story books you read but like now I
don't think sheep get become adult
unless they're for their fur or their
hair well I've had wild sheep my friend
Remy Remy Warren he gave me some some
wild sheep backstrap it was very good
some wild sheep that he killed well I'm
gonna while I'm here I'm gonna try
hagfish have you had fish that's that
weird fucking slimy thing yeah at the
bottom of the ocean how do they cook
that I it's Korean barbecue there's one
place here that has it I like it super
legit Korean BBQ yeah yeah yeah they're
cooking hagfish yeah well I'm cooking it
I guess technically what does it taste
like
like I haven't tried it yet I can't wait
what's the reports uh not that good
I'm not surprised I like sign me up well
I like since I have a zoology background
I learned I'm like Noah but I want to
eat at two of every animal you know have
you had jellyfish yet I have it's
tasteless it's weird it's like plastic
yeah it's the saucer has a chest yeah
strange
I ate at a restaurant that's in the wind
yeah it's in the wind
and it's the only five-star Chinese
restaurant in the country or in North
America
it's insanely good like you you realize
like wow it's true like you don't see a
whole lot of gourmet right like super
high-end Chinese restaurants what did
you have anything weird there yeah I had
that I had jellyfish sea cucumber head
no I didn't have that I had abalone that
was really that was not that a lot of
times just like credit cards a balloon
it wasn't that yeah I've had abalone
before and I liked it I liked it I don't
I don't love it it's expensive - what do
you got Jamie so from couple articles I
just found the the issue seems to be in
pea protein which is what is used to
make these burgers and article what I
found about what you were saying is the
impossible burger actually tested 11
times higher when tested for glyphosate
then they be on meat burger which is
there's two different versions I eat P
protein protein chips every day is that
a problem so there's an article I'm
getting some glyphosate what does that
mean as P protein could have its own
concerns the detox project a research
organization looking into pesticides of
glyphosate that's been looking into it
for over a year it says that there's
there is an issue there's a heart we can
hardly decision clean protein anywhere
the results like those for other
products tested for the popular
pesticides aren't pretty it's a very we
can hardly find a clean P protein source
anywhere Jesus Christ it's all got
glyphosate there's but I still don't
know what glyphosate does today
glyphosate this is the idea okay and
please Google this because the argument
was glyphosate is great because it just
kills the weeds and bacteria and it
doesn't kill people okay actually drink
it well the problem they're saying is no
no you have bacteria in your body so if
you're taking in glyphosate you're
killing the bacteria in your body it
might not kill you sure but it's not
good for you and it fuck's up your
system okay this is the argument I guess
that they use to present in court they
must have used this to get the jury to
award them two billion dollars in damage
cancer yeah yeah that's not a monsanto
parent company bare feet faces thousands
of roundup cancer cases after two
billion dollar verdict thirteen thousand
cases right now yeah listen man this
thing I don't know
there's this is what the problem first
of all I'm a moron I don't know anything
about any of the science behind this
when I read this I see two different
cancer just like so many other things
yeah I see people saying there's no
evidence this is just they're all
hysteria but is that the people that
work for Bayer is that like their PR
firm that's putting this out there to
try to like alleviate people's concerns
and stop some lawsuits in their tracks
they try and do influence public opinion
on this or is there real science it
shows that this stuff is really bad for
you but there's definitely a bunch of
people online that are telling you that
it's horrible for you here exposure to
glyphosate base herbicides in a risk for
non-hodgkins lymphoma a meta-analysis
and supporting evidence I don't want to
switch off my pea protein it ain't good
bro hemp protein but that should get
tested too I'm what am I saying just
start eating steak I can't it's hard for
me to eat much it's a problem bro do you
know who David Frankie I don't know is
that his name hold on I'll send it to
you Jamie is a fuckin hilarious guy who
is this big steroid up bodybuilder dude
that's also very very funny okay and I
see the one does the bro science videos
he's very easy for a life always talking
like this let me let me find his is he
gonna get me all swole I sent it to
these guys to my um I have a fight
companion Twitter feed that's going I'm
not Twitter feed text message group text
here it is hey Robert Frank
although say more shit yeah it's this do
you do you know what it is Jamie Robert
Frank six one five private it is oh no
oh so he's going to sign up oh it's one
of them deals because he says a lot of
crazy shit alright so how long does it
take okay hold on a second I'm gonna
text it to you right now how long does
it usually take for with those people
they have to be either one of those
dorks that's
in front of computer ones doing it for
ya yeah
he must have allowed me in all right I'm
sending it to you right now
BAM okay
it went through do you go through anyway
it's hilarious let's take it out and
post it Solaris there's no taking
anything no need no need to try to make
it smoother it's hard to put the
calories down though is my point
no it's not it's open your mouth chew
swallow oh yeah baby your grandfather
would have died for a steak like this
Jesus Christ listen to yourself you
saying all the shit you would get mad at
people if they're saying about any other
subject it's hard it's hard to eat all
that food it's hard it's hard to get by
in this world it's hard it's hard it's
hard to get up every morning it's hard I
work hard I work hard how fucking hard
is it to eat steak look at me bro just
eat it
cook it eat it put some salt on it
delicious maybe like some steak sauce do
whatever you got to do to get that steak
down your stomach sir get some grass
fade grass fed grass fed grass raised
it's got a darker richer taste it seems
like a lot of work grass fed no just
cooking steaks all the time you learn
how to do it it's easy is it get
yourself a nice grill all right I'm in
Brooklyn though you're in Brooklyn
you got a yard no no Oh Brooklyn come
okay get a cast-iron skillet I can get
one that's all you need it's not gonna
stink up my house yeah I'll stick up
your house okay mistake yeah commands
house okay smell good people would be
like taste that Michaels living good
he's got the steak life he'll be
knocking on doors how about your box
bros are grass-fed let me just cut it
for me let me see what you got you got a
medium rare oh yeah
kosher salt yeah well I got a kosher
chef it's the thicker sauce if I use I
like the pyramid salt what's that it's
shaped like a pyramid the crystals
really yeah they do it a certain way no
it's crunch here if you're gonna cook a
steak like a man correctly you need
kosher salt okay
how many count how much grams of protein
or is steak a lot it's all you need to
know shove it down your fucking mouth I
follow my macros every
well - oh are you really getting serious
about that I've always been because I've
been eating disorders so this is a way
direction okay yeah um you'd have to
look I mean it's it's certainly more for
wild game which is mostly what I eat
than it is for store-bought meat okay
but store-bought meat I would I would
guarantee you that there's more
nutrients in grass-fed meat I don't know
if there's more protein that doesn't
seem to make sense
but if you look at like it could be more
protein because they might be less fat
or whatever but more fat yes that's - of
course it would be more protein if it
was leaner yeah for the same amount of
ounces yeah but there's also a bunch of
other shit em toward and essential fatty
acids that exist in grass-fed meat so
it's all good stuff okay let's get some
steak and stop with the P protein bro
okay sorry protes I'm not eating your
people it might be fucking you up man I
wonder I wonder how many people are
getting fun what are the dangers of
consuming glyphosate other than
non-hodgkins lymphoma
maybe this is what you're seeing over
and over in people yeah better not kill
my gains there was my game I don't think
P protein is helping your gains there's
something about knowing that you're
getting all your protein from Peas
that's all of it some of it makes you 60
grams mmm day what do you got - an
endocrine disruptor oh that's just no
joke
that's what glyphosate liver disease
birth defects reproductive problems in
animals oh Christ what is this from I
just typed in dangers of glyphosate I
don't want to get them do you I don't
want to get a birth defect I don't know
what that is pull up whatever us are TK
it's fine it might be horseshit
we should otherwise that org you asked o
us right - no right - no mmm that sounds
anything like what is it what is that
based on this that's not legitimate look
at that top news on the right trial from
monsanto hometown it's all Monsanto
everything's Monsanto this is just news
story from today they're all over the
news right but you got to be care this
is not real story though look at all the
top news is almost like on their contact
I bet you it's just some it should have
a some dude GMOs are look
litigation oh they're litigating this is
from the lawyers mmm could be yes I
spend the lawyer pushing for truth and
transparent yeah this is the lawyers
yeah the food system this is looks and
if there are two billion dollar rulings
you can just bet your sweet ass McFly
see shit people that are swarming on
this subject all right would be a better
source of information now nomads good
question
what do we got here Alex let's call Alex
Alex Jill no he I don't know he's up on
food stuff he know about the the plastic
wrap that gives you raises your kind
estrogen you know the ones who make
southernxposure Day Scientific American
yeah okay that's good that's good 2009
weed-whacking herbicide Wow deadly to
human cells used in gardens farms and
parks around the world the weed killer
roundup contains an ingredient that can
suffocate human cells in a laboratory
researchers say yeah so will kill my
gains
yeah it's suffocating myself fuck that
whatever that is whatever whatever has
that on it fuck that stuff okay I'm
gonna go to more weight than just
carnivore die that's your move okay I'd
like Jordan Peterson joins on carnivore
yes yes okay over a year huh it's helped
him tremendously how so well first of
all intellectually he says it's really
alleviated a lot of his autoimmune
issues that he thinks we're slowing him
down and wearing him out and making him
tired and he has more energy okay the
things he says he's at his peak
intellectually and he credits that a lot
of that through this diet he's lost 50
pounds all the eats is me when I'm
saying all these does mean I mean that's
it what a drink sigh water enough
there's none okay he doesn't have any of
that he drinks water and he eats meat
and for the veal oh you what I heard
this I heard that okay you know what
else I heard I heard that the food
pyramid was all green at the bottom and
that's not the case anymore right
there's a lot of shit and I'm not saying
this is for everybody cuz it's not for
everybody it's not even good for
everybody there's a lot of people if
they ate meat every day all day probably
terrible for them but for some people it
seems that particularly people with
autoimmune disorders they achieve some
at least anecdotally some really
positive results
Jordan Peterson has gone as far as to
take I think he took three blood tests
when he had a one-year in for insurance
purposes and much things showed because
you know obviously
you're gonna insure a guy who's 55 years
old just eat steak all the time like oh
my god this guy's gonna die right no
everything's fine everything's healthy
no coronary artery disease no plaque no
cholesterol levels are all fine
everything's fine
this sounds like it would be exorbitant
though too financially yeah maybe not
the cheapest way to Harold I mean you
can get Costco steaks you get some
supermarkets have cheaper cuts it really
depends on what you know you could also
eat just ground beef that's not as bad
you don't eat as much and that's one of
the reasons why when you're on what they
call an elimination diet one of the one
of the cool thing that might be fuckin
with you except the one thing that you
can write zoom easily and this is one of
the things they're calling the carnivore
diet elimination and an elimination diet
when you do that you wind up eating less
food which is one of the reasons why
these people just eat steak and wind up
losing weight they don't you don't take
in any car unless they're all but that's
us basically also kind of Atkins if
they're not taking a car sort of but
there's a thing called Google Genesis
and like not necessarily sort of Atkins
but sort of Kido but it's more Atkins
than keto and that Atkins diet works oh
yeah you stick to it it does work and
when your pay stubs way and when your
piece starts to smell it's great that's
when you know the party started yeah
you're in ketogenesis great or kosis and
when you're in ketosis man you really do
have energy throughout the day because
your body's not craving carbohydrates so
you don't have this up-and-down blood
sugar crash the thing about the
carnivore diet is it's not even
ketogenic really I mean you're in
ketosis sometimes but you're not eating
that much fat you're just eating a lot
of meat and a lot of it with fat some of
it without fat I thought ketosis is loke
wasn't wouldn't you have no carbs it's
not a function no oh here's why okay
because when your body eats a lot of
steak and you don't have any
carbohydrates you your body does
something called glucose Ennis's where
I'll convert steak into glucose so it
actually convert protein into glucose
okay and it'll actually knock you out of
ketosis if you take in too much protein
and not enough fat okay it's got a
proportion ketosis is I think
somewhere in the 80% range if you you
would be consuming like 80 percent of
your calories from fats you'd be kind of
amazed and actually can fuck with some
people's gains they don't think they're
getting enough protein because they're
getting a lot of fat and a smaller
amount of protein like less grams
approach you might not be ideal in terms
of like physical performance for
athletes they think but when you when
you do do that and you just eat steak
your bodies is alright this asshole
doesn't want to eat apples you know we
have to figure out how to get our carbs
yeah and we have to get it figure out
how to get our sugar so we're just gonna
get it through the steak huh okay it's a
weird thing that's like people some
people are unaware of that but your body
literally produces it turns protein into
like a glucose substitute glucose
actually leuco Genesis yeah you can do
it I've done it for several days I've
never done it for long periods of time
but I was I wanted to try it when they
were doing national carnivore month well
this knuckleheads is people are so into
it
carnivore diet is a lot like the vegan
diets they can't shut the fuck up about
being a carnivore my buddy Michael
Goldstein who is the first person I know
who's about Bitcoin is that Bitcoin
Bitcoin Bitcoin same thing with carnival
a carnival carnival carnival it's like
alright so I tried it for a couple of
weeks I think I went from like close to
two weeks and after a while I was like
Jesus Christ or twenty regular foods I
know I'm not being I'm not joking I
would think you'll be a problem with
getting it stuck in your teeth all the
time no you just brush your teeth what
are you dusting what's wrong with you
have a toothpick at home excuse me I
have every flavor of Marvis on my shelf
right now Marvis Oh interesting now who
doesn't know about tooth care what's
Marvis is the like italian toothpaste
brand it looks really cool although the
flavors are subpar
the point is brushing your teeths not
gonna get it not stuck in between your
teeth that's not gonna help flossing
yeah flot you're gonna be out flossing
all the time no I just bite off bigger
chunks like a man just swallow it
Oh always chewing can I tell you a story
about this this just happened to me yes
and this is when I realized that most
people there's no mind there I am at a
buffet I'm eating steak I was eating
steak congratulations I get stuck in my
throat I'm like alright it's just too
big
peace I'll just wash it down mmm it's
not going anywhere and I realize I'm
choking and it was a very scary
situation in the sense that mentally I
knew there is a percent chance that I'm
gonna die did you try to throw up hold
on hold on
I'll let me tell the story Joe Rogan so
I'm sitting there I'm like holy shit I'm
choking and I'm like all right I was
calm but I'm like your life is currently
in danger and there's a three people at
the next table two got two in there two
women their 50s it got in their 60s I go
up to them and I'm like I know what to
do because I was at school and I go them
and I go I'm choking and I did the hand
motion and I make eye contact with each
of them no look no effect on their face
and I'm like at the very least you have
a crazy person coming up to your table
doing a neck motion were you in New York
yeah that's a problem I people do sense
dice did this to myself and it shot out
and then I go - how'd you do to yourself
show me how I just did this
that's oh yeah I saw Heimlich like I
don't know if it was the cloth or
whatever it popped out and all the
liquid - after it and I go to them I go
I was just choking and they're like oh
well you should shoot your food better
I'm like someone was just Chuck said
that's you that one lady should get that
lady's name she doesn't have an answer
because there's not a human being there
there's no mind and I'm like holy shit
if I saw this happen
and I didn't help I would be like oh my
god you just oh my holy shit are you
okay it was like I should shoot your
food you're not a soul holds this there
50s
somebody probably just treat her bad man
not bad enough bad relationships it was
scary
the reaction was scarier than the
choking yeah I would imagine well I
think that's a really common thing with
big cities that that sort of there's a
diffusion of responsibility when there's
so many people there's so many you don't
feel responsible for this guy with his
hands on his neck saying I'm coughing
like somebody else go Ted somebody
handle this I work I would be fine if
they had shrugged and then like yeah
whatever in a sense but there was no
reaction she's probably so jaded so
whoever you are lady I hope that exactly
you fuck you I I hope you go back in
time and you have a better daddy and a
better mom
me and better friends yeah and you grow
up to be a nice person and I and yeah in
her 50s maybe she could be a yoga
teacher gonna save someone's life in her
mind and be like I save someone's life
today I go into heaven yeah maybe she
thought you were nuts and you're just
trolling her but if I was nuts you would
think they'd pull back and be like holy
shit there's a crazy person in our table
maybe it's because of your troll like
wait the universe is sent your way
you're the boy who cried wolf
the lesson is you're invincible and
nothing bad will ever happen oh because
you survived I survived oh do you know
how to do that to someone else now if
someone was choking do you know to give
Hana look I think I do it we all think
we do right that's the thing but it's
like you have to get it right here like
right where the ribcage the sternum and
you push up I think people get the ribs
broken all the time yeah they're
supposed to yeah you're supposed to be
as hard as you can but the alternative
yeah agent Matthews doing that to you as
far as you can that would be very
painful
you just black an old chicken yeah no
pea protein there and you get in trouble
for helping and hurting of course you
can 100% of course yes you can get in
trouble for shooting a burglar
especially if you're a strong person
like if you're like that Robert Frank
are they approve you yet no checks I was
looking on his Twitter account I
couldn't tell what the video was he
might have it on Twitter yeah maybe it's
uh yeah I bet he does right well but
isn't he like um he's uh I don't know
the topic was he had a couple videos up
but it could have been this is what it
looks like for some reason now Instagram
wants to send me Twitter wants to send
me to the Instagram from the web and
Knox France it happens that you're an
Apple what do they do that should have
been an away message should have been an
Android why does it do that but does
Android work better for that what's in
it for the purpose of it for the purpose
of the joke yeah it doesn't
I have Android to have an Android phone
as well but don't doesn't Google I
collect way more data than Apple does
I think they yeah it's my understanding
there's this gathering data and selling
it whereas apples kind of trying to
avoid that amount of support Apple did a
great great thing where they had that
set up where they can't even break into
their phone
and defying law-enforcement that was
really wonderful not just that but your
information right terms of relocation
information and where you're going and
what you're doing with Google every time
you're getting online they're just
trying to do it where yeah what do you
want what do you need there's a great
documentary called the creepy line and
they talk about like let's suppose face
on Facebook and I want to influence
elections right what if if I have an ad
that says get on vote it's gonna crush
people vote what if I just ran that ad
on Donald Trump fans people who like
Donald Trump don't run on Hillary fans
that would sway the election and no one
would know mmm so what they do with this
information is very quiet and there's
not that much transparency and it can
really lead to especially with the sheer
with foreign countries how with China
how they're like you know being
perfectly happy to kind of sensor stuff
this is these are things that need to be
asked yeah I was talking to a woman
who's an executive and her position was
that if they didn't do it Google's gonna
copy it anyway so might as well just let
Google censor and this way Google won't
invent their own Google sure and just
copy all the code and steal the code and
that's a fair response but these are
things that people I think should think
more about yeah well especially with
something like China where the
government and the industry are all tied
in right this is why I was really
weirded out by this Huawei thing today
when it came to Google and Google
because you want to say well if Google's
doing this clearly there must be a real
reason for it but then you know about
the Google memo and James d'amour oh
yeah oh yeah cuz when you've done that I
gotta go okay
the guy just provided scientific
information didn't say anything sexist
he's just talking about the facts of
studies right and you fired him for what
you called like what was it reinforcing
sexist stereotypes and it wasn't the
case at all it's not what he did but so
many people are complaining about his
report on the data that they were asking
about while also saying that he doesn't
know math and statistics when that
wasn't have an MIT degree yeah well he's
a coder yeah so it's it's what happens
is
is when they have this fundamentalist
faith mm-hmm you start with the
conclusion and your recent array
backward and if you're contradicting my
conclusion you're not only wrong you're
a liar and a sinner and have to be
driven from the face of the earth well
that's why I would ordinarily defer to
them I'm like wow this must be pretty
serious if Google is looking to take
Gmail off of the new Huawei phones and
not update the operating system but then
I go well no that's not right what's
going on at all
yeah I don't know we don't know what's
going on we might never know that is a
problem when you do one thing like that
like there's giant consequences for what
they probably thought was a PR disaster
probably have to get rid of this James
to more guy let's just do it
well justify and I think the culture of
the company probably supported it's
probably very less demanding it didn't
support it it's a man that it was my
understanding a company yeah even though
it does logically and the rest that was
really interesting too you see outside
of the bubble where the rest of the
world the people who actually read his
memo and looked at it we're like okay
what is wrong with what he's saying he's
not saying anything bad about women
right he's in fact he had a page and a
half talking about strategies to get
women more interested in tech he was
just relaying the information as a
stands in terms of the studies that have
been done that show what women tend to
gravitate towards what men tend to grab
right words these aren't sexist studies
these are studies where they're just
trying to figure out why do more women
go into health care why do is it
opportunity is it desire like is it is
it just natural cultural sure there's a
lot of things and so data is not sexist
this guy was just talking about data and
then when you looked at his own ideas
there was rent sexist either he was just
talking about strategies that this is
where I disagree with you they will say
data is sexist because it has
conclusions that contradict what they
air quotes know to be true
so therefore if the data contradicts
this the data is sexist that's so crazy
that that's the left the left used to be
science driven and now they logical ones
their left has this is one of the big
myths and I talked about this in the
book they have from Woodrow Wilson on
have this evangelical fundamentalist
face a segment of the left
there's many people on the Left who are
very science driven who are like look
these are the facts let's work about but
there's a big segment of them which are
very prevalent where they're basically
like jihadis and you have this on the
right as well where it's just like these
are my conclusions and we're gonna force
everyone to fit said conclusions hmm
so you think that even like when you go
back to was that fuckin there was the
terrorist organization that Obama's
professor was involved the weatherman
the weatherman yeah like that you go
back to that similar to almost like an
educated version of NP f-- I'm going
back to what Joe Wilson yeah but I mean
if you went back yeah it's real similar
to what we're absolutely yeah and they
were that's there's a book called days
of Rage and it talks about how in the
early 70s there were bombs going off I
think every week in America and they
weren't trying to kill people it was
political they they called him the bomb
threat and be like look we're gonna set
up a bomb but the point is they there
are other cities living at Liberation
Army with had Patty Hearst a few of them
you're the Weather Underground they they
really this was their thing and they
blew up a townhouse in New York City you
know killed a bunch of people and now
they're walking around and they're fine
it's it's a fast and it's all been swept
under the rug like people always think
that no matter what's happening now is
like regard select these like neo-nazi
types and like all they all right oh
this is the worst time ever it's like
the client used to be like a major part
of both political parties like what are
you talking about things used to be
Woodrow Wilson is playing Birth of a
Nation at the White House things were
really really dark before and but people
don't have the historical context no
it's easy to not know what happened
before but just to think about what's
going on now and where you want things
to go yeah so therefore it's really
really bad and therefore it must be the
worst right yeah there's a better
there's a better way to live for sure
but I think we went we went into real
problems when you start telling people
what they can and can't do
yeah no matter what it is no matter what
it is and you tell people that what they
can and can't do
you sort of reinforce I think one of the
things that's going on now in terms of
like these abortion rulings oh gosh yeah
yeah which was very sketchy yes
Carrie and the Alabama one which
essentially just outlaws abortion right
there making it where your punishment
for abortion is far greater punishment
than the punishment for raping someone
and causing them to get an abortion so
well they don't punish the woman I think
they punish the doctor the law punishes
the doctor yeah yeah the doctor gets
ninety nine years something like that
that's right it's the doctor who's being
charged not the woman that's and the
question is in Georgia and Alabama maybe
a baby right but the question is why do
you want this but if you regard this
mother as a potential murderer do you
really want her raising that kid right
for - yeah ninety nine years in jail oh
yeah another thing is that I am very
torn in this issue
abortion on Twitter it's such a cesspool
of people who don't understand each
other one group saying oh it's all about
a you wanna control woman's body and the
other being like all you want to murder
babies no no they don't want to murder
babies and they don't care about the
woman they care about what they perceive
to be the infant so I try to talk to
both and it's it's just noise yeah these
are rigid ideologies and they're not
persuasive if you tell someone who is
pro-choice who would otherwise be
amenable to your point of view well you
just want to murder kids it's like well
I don't so there's nothing to talk
anymore
did you see that state representative
that was walking around in front of a
abortion clinic and was trying to get
the names of these kids that were there
oh yeah yeah he's still on Twitter yeah
no consequences that's crazy he was
trying to Doc's kids he was asking for
he was gonna keep offering money bribing
them yeah hundred dollars a hundred
dollars to get the names of whoever
these people are it's it's insane
gets to this one boy and he puts his
boys face on Twitter just some meek shy
Christian right this is a big guy he's
big and aggressive and he's getting in
people's face with the camera right and
then he's putting them online and he's
getting a lot of attention and fame for
it and it's crazy and meanwhile my buddy
Mike he has a parody account of aoc he
gets kicked off that's crazy yeah and it
says parody yeah
why can't you do that I mean I don't
think what he did was even rough it
wasn't it wasn't anything I don't really
awful like I've read some of the tweets
I was like they're just kind of funny
they're a parody yeah what about sine
alive
I think exactly exactly what we're out
baldwin does to the president every
fucking day on Saturday Night Live every
week he's doing a fucking Trump
impression right as well he should
that's your job exactly so it's a
complete double standard it's it's and
the other thing I'll defend Jack in this
regard what we talked about earlier I'm
sure the pressure he gets internally oh
my god he's off the charts and he even
said this explicitly goes they were all
my whole company was yelling at me to
kick off Alex you know for a long time
he refused to do it for a while yeah
it's it's weird that they don't see the
consequences they don't understand that
this is gonna go to a bad place but this
is they do see the positive consequences
where they're preaching to their own
tribe and basically the people who
aren't like us
get to go out in the gutter in the
gutter in the wilderness well I think
human beings are way better at
expressing themselves today than they
ever have been in the past and I think
one of the reasons why is the free
expression that we so enjoy and that we
have enjoyed you know like if you if you
look at the history of what you could
the message you could get out just 40 or
50 years ago as opposed to what you
can't get out today and then you looked
at how culture has radically evolved
over the last 40 years versus where if
everything was stagnant like it was in
1950 we would we would think if you
watch like 1950s films or read books
about the 1950s the behavior that people
got away with was it was way different
oh yes it is today of course things are
getting better but one of the reasons
why these things are getting better is
because people can see everything you
can talk through all the details yes if
you think you can just cut off the ugly
stuff cut off the Nazi stuff and cut off
this stuff and you're gonna keep people
from getting recruited so you're gonna
kill this and you're gonna deep platform
this you're also gonna you're gonna
enforce assholes to say like there's a
reason why they're silencing us there's
a reason why instead of having people go
and hey
no you guys are shitheads and this is a
stupid idea right and you guys are all
ignorant fools and your perception of
the things is so off and we're gonna
explain to you while it's off and we're
gonna all like work this out together
and when they say there's a secret elite
who's running this country and wants to
control your life they mean the Jews
what don't they check is up they know
shut it down this but this is their
proof they can point to Twitter and
Facebook and they could also say hey
they're picking off the same exact
people and every platform it's not a
coincidence
whereas David Duke is still on Twitter
yes yeah of course
that's hilarious is it no but it's
telling no song hilarious like ha I know
but yeah they got rid of Farrakhan they
didn't get rid of David Duke right right
because David Duke serves a purpose what
purpose because he's a good foil for the
left because when David Duke endorses a
Republican look oh the Republicans are
racist when David Duke endorses Ilhan
Omar or Keith Ellison crickets there
he'll be a good bad guy on payroll like
if I was the Democratic Party I'd say
look David you think jig is up okay
everybody knows I'm never gonna be
President
right now we're gonna really run for
office anywhere legitimate but she's not
that good valuable how about this David
will give you $400,000 a year all you
have to do is every now and then I'm
gonna call you up but I'm say Dave you
know be interesting it would be
interesting if David Duke endorsed this
asshole and then David Duke just starts
talking about this person being a fine
American and a white nationalist and all
these different just make up a bunch of
quotes and have David Duke put it up
there a lot of people when don't have a
shake that off a lot of people think
he's controlled like not him
specifically control opposition is
control F is this oh that's my favorite
alright when someone's not bad they must
be controlled opposition that is one of
my favorite I love that she dork it is a
control opposition is someone who you
don't like who hasn't been banned yet
yeah controlled opposition is a useful
idiot yeah
controlled opposition is it it's like
when people get into these I've been
accused of being a CIA plant you
probably are probably one of these base
for Anarchy you know that the term
cognoscenti like oh yeah I was in the
know yeah yeah that's a great term and
that's like that's
perfect for this it's like all useful
idiot all controlled opposition I'm in
the know I'm one of the cognoscenti I'm
gonna sneak this by me I understand but
meanwhile sometimes they're right which
is why it's really fucked up it's like
sometimes there is controlled opposition
sometimes there is sometimes just fake
websites good times just because
somebody wants yeah probably
yeah somebody wants to win a lawsuit you
know look at this I'm deer deer with
this case you're working on come and
look at this website I found but that's
my babies that's why it's so important
for there to be venues for those people
if someone is crazy or brilliant well
often looks the same right but how does
a person know whether or not that
website's right or well once we get to
Scientific American we all get like okay
this legit is legit claim they're
basically talking about sells they were
talking about human cells I don't know
any better
drawing human cells but here's here's a
problem with that what I was gonna say
is at what scale because by the way
they've shown that certain elements and
plants in laboratory environment will
destroy cells you even like
phytonutrients and there was some
something one of the head guys for the
carnivore diet Shaun Baker posted on his
Twitter a while back showing that you
can make a lot of weird arguments based
on cells like how things respond to
cells doesn't necessarily mean once it
gets through the organism safe yeah yeah
the only way in my view and I'm not an
expert on this is discourse mm-hmm and
having a platform where people can argue
at each other and you could stand by and
watch and see things otherwise if you're
silencing it's it's it's as various as
we talked before and I think any right
minded person would agree is very very
slippery slope I agree did you see the
Ben Shapiro meltdown on the BBC I did
yeah yeah that's a good example it's a
good example which I don't look he
didn't handle it well he knows he didn't
handle it well and I'd like that but I
would like him a lot I think he's a
really nice guy I like talking to him I
don't agree with him on many things but
I really like him he's a really good guy
I think he's a very smart guy I think
he's smart enough to admit that he
fucked up he did he did he went on
Twitter and Zoe
here's think I didn't mean making fun of
him it's on my
and people are white knighting for him
and I'm like he owned that he played it
wrong yeah yeah and he's like yeah I got
god that's to his credit yeah and it
highlights to me more so than anything
the problem with two things one doing a
remote show sure where you from
you're in Los Angeles they're in the UK
sure where you know he was talking to
him like he wasn't there the British guy
was because he wasn't really there right
and then the other part is that short
time format you don't know enough time
you have had time to have a conversation
and just talk but Ben knows this fan is
a pro I mean he knows what the BBC is
too but he's also a pro at doing those
things yes to shout talking points at
each other and taco which and Ben talk
super fast cuz are super fast it's
really hard to keep up with him and he's
sound smarter than you he's very smart
yeah and articulate any talks fast I was
like woo he rose to prominence when he
was on Piers Morgan yeah I talked about
guns and if you thought that BBC
interview was rude piers at one point
just goes you're real stupid men aren't
you like that's your line and Ben didn't
storm off he was just like no I just
think when a government becomes
usurpation that it's very important for
the cities that had you know and he
handled a good impression we go to the
same shul he handled it amazingly so for
him as he admitted for him to lose his
shit and also to be like I'm popular and
I've never heard of you that's just
because you never heard of someone and
I'm sure he would admit this is of no
relevance to their the validity of what
they're doing yeah that's why I was
shocked when I went to Joe Joe see well
last night it was sold out I literally
didn't know she was until a week ago a
lot of people know her I'm the same more
so than Ben Shapiro I'm the second most
famous Joe here what the fuck happened
and she's 16
there's like ben shapiro did a speech at
the microsoft center i don't know how
many tickets he sells if he does
speeches but sell 7,000 people's are
hard
you don't think ben shapiro could still
7,000 tickets that's a lot yeah but
that's basically you're getting a two
hour speech in one hour so that's you
know I already have to double the value
no but it's getting people out of their
house to pay money to come hear people
talk like most of these like when these
guys are doing these talks and
is Jordan Jordan kind of a football
stadium yeah but a lot of these guys are
doing like 2,000 Cedars okay this is
7,000 this is a big jump okay seven
people I bet you he could fill it maybe
maybe it's possible I don't know I'm
gonna know if he's doing live ones like
there's a lot of people doing live shows
now it's very interesting because
they're old timey - very old timey yeah
but it's also it's cool to see people
that are interested in intellectual exam
Harris's some fantastic one and I like
some what if some of Sam's live ones too
because he's funny in them yeah which
he's he gets a chance to actually work
to the crowd yeah you know I was talking
to him about him like you have good
timing yeah you're not like a comic like
some of the stuff you say actually makes
me laugh when he does live ones as
opposed to he's very like rational and
somber when he's doing straight you know
just just conversation ones you know
this is a performer and stay with me
like if you're in front of that audience
and the Laugh is out of proportion
because there's so many of them and just
have that one-liner it makes you want to
be more on and it's like it's this
median stale and it's really really
exciting it's also like a nod to the
crowd that you know that they're there
and you're trying to entertain them you
appreciate them like you say something
fun like yeah you're doing it they know
you're doing it because they're there
and it's funny you know and what it's
improv that's much more intimate you
know when you've got that one-liner that
you knew wasn't part of this speech it's
great so they're doing theirs their way
whether it's just conversations and it's
interesting because they're getting
these giant crowds and you know they're
also like do produced ones too like
Radiolab does it produce live one and
it's really interesting they'll bring
someone out and they'll play sound clips
and I don't know if they have a video
element of it let's see I think they do
I think they have like visuals too but
they're doing it all in these big ass
theaters and people love it and they
come out to see it so for someone who
listens to like Radiolab every week and
they get a chance to go and see it live
it's like wow I can't believe it's here
it's a part of my life and this is the
danger of the summer Twitter Facebook
stuff people are desperate and excited
to hear new ideas stop provoking people
even if you disagree right - my favorite
people like a lot of times if you hear
them talk even if you don't care what
there's
or disagree with them the energy and
it's like this is fascinating it's not
provoking for me it's just it's
nothing's better I think there's
something really cool about people
coming out to see these really
interesting discussions too like Jordan
had a debate with this laughs let's get
Jack yeah thank you for saying his name
yeah I think I pronounced it right maybe
you better you than me about Marxism
yeah and it sold out yeah and then they
had pay-per-view people were buying
Oh watch this just like the dub w/e of
our time it's like how are these two
people our room together I want to see
this and they actually want to agreeing
on quite a few things and just it was
really an interesting discussion but
it's also interesting that that that
Marxism is such a attractive subject
that they're willing to host this giant
event and pay to see people debate this
topic it's like this is this idea that
you could fill up a whole arena for an
intellectual discourse yeah or a theater
I mean I'm sorry take the place was and
then you could also sell pay-per-view
tickets for like what the fuck are you
talking about who the hell's gonna pay
to hear that at school get out of here
with that shit it's not I wish school
was like that I wish right there's no
better way to get kids to hate learning
than school every kid is so excited
about the world you know go on us to go
the museum not every kid a lot read
books then you go to school and that all
goes away
and you're a factory worker so this
anything that reinvigorate your show
does this do reinvigorates your love of
learning and how much there's so much
interesting crazy shit out there who
doesn't love that and that's the only
native the the jocks back in the day
didn't have that space and now thanks to
you and people like you it's like you
know what I don't like reading books
readings not for me I could sit here and
listen for three hours and I'm gonna be
a smarter person than it was three-hour
go and learn stuff who doesn't love
history yeah even if you're the biggest
meathead it's like this shit's interest
or like these crazy animals either
biggest meat had a be like oh shit
that's cold you hear about this you know
this is the giraffe weevil which has a
hinge in its neck but only the males and
it's from Madagascar yeah yeah the other
thing it is a real thing and I was gonna
say this like it's fuel for your
curiosity yeah and for your create
it's gonna give you ideas it's gonna
like there's so much fuel for creativity
right now like more so than any other
time there's so much information and
interesting shit you could learn and do
it easily like you just find a pot like
I need to learn about economics and you
just find an economics podcast and start
playing it and if the person is good you
know they're they're interesting to talk
to and they can do it in a fun way like
you were listening to Peter Schiff yeah
yeah he knows his shit I've had him on a
few times and the way he describes thing
it's like he's entertaining as well as
factual as well as a compelling
charismatic person while he's talking
about these things he's getting fired up
and you're like oh okay so that's how it
works yeah it's so much better than
absorbing in a dry stale manner and if
you and then you go from that like oh
let me know you he mentioned this thing
let me learn about this oh there's a
YouTube video about this and you go down
this rabbit hole and it's just like
hours of entertainment and you're and
you can have better conversation with
other people hey I learned about this
this and that
yeah I feel so far behind kids these
days like I mean an 18 year old today I
feel like a 30 year old when I was a kid
all right in what way they're smarter
they have more info yeah more data they
know it's horseshit and what's not when
we were in our twenties we didn't know
what the fuck was real what was fake
there was no YouTube right there's no
Google there was books and he didn't
read them all I read him yeah you might
I know Joe yeah I'm older than you yeah
you had books about like to find out
whether or not something's true right
like we do today you know I'm saying
yeah yeah like when I was in my 20s like
I wasn't like researching subjects that
I've read a few books here and there but
I wasn't researching things on every
single aspect of the world the way the
the access to this information just so
radically different so you just have a
thing in your pocket that answers your
question
what else is fast-setting is google and
other organizations have digitized
entire libraries so many of these books
that are old are public domain and for
free you can read this book from 1910
where these ideas got started and
instead of hearing someone's
interpretation of it now you can see
where this idea developed in how they
looked at the world back then now here's
the real question is
that action absolutely we both agree
incredibly valuable resource is that
worth giving up the data like maybe we
should just accept the fact that they
gave us something to change the world so
of course they got super rich hey Mark
Zuckerberg I know what you did it's ok
it's ok you take that data yeah take it
bitch yeah you like that shit richest
person well you deserve it you shouldn't
you shouldn't just give it away for free
well I change the world in a better way
no I should take advantage of the fact
that you changed the world in a better
way to profit in some insane spectacular
way when I generate billions and
billions of towers the thing we don't
know is how they are generating that
profit that's the issue you know so if
they're doing it in a certain way that
we know about all right if they don't
this is where it gets tricky because
there's an element of fraud in it I
think they must be terrified and both
Twitter and Facebook
they must be terrified of their
influence of culture the action oh yeah
of course there's no way they can't the
responsibility must be insane do you
know how you know this because a lot of
people who were Republicans during the
Gulf the Iraq war and now look back on
it who were beating the drum beats and
I'm not gonna name names you watch
interviews and they're like that shit
was fucked up and when you look back and
you realize you had a part to play in
this unnecessary war and if you're
someone who cares about human beings as
a Christian or whatever that will fuck
you up for life because it's like I had
a little part in this like when I do my
work with North Korea right if I helped
ten people that's a huge fucking deal
and I don't take that shit lightly I've
had and here's the power social media
I've had people three or four tell me
I'm going through chemo and I read your
Twitter and it makes me laugh throughout
the day
that's fucking huge conversely if you're
on the side of Hillary Clinton and you
realize that your website might be
contributing to hurt demise oh yeah and
all ya realize that other countries
might be posting fake accounts that are
there you know they have these groups
these discussion groups and they're
based in Russia and they want to talk
about black lives matter yeah what they
want to talk about abortion
or they want to talk about southern
separatism or all kinds of you know that
IRA research group in Russia and you
find out this is all happening on your
platform and that your platform yes
likely being used yeah to manipulate how
the world is run how financial markets
are run international politics and you
just wanted help college kids get laid
yeah yeah right right right right kind
of Jack the I what about what about the
kids
when they were torturing that retarded
kid and it was a Chicago and they were
streaming in our Facebook that's your
site that's gotta fuck with your head
it's got it well there's been murdered
I've got live streaming New Zealand he
was live streaming I mean there's many
many cases of horrible things that have
been put on their Isis beheadings and
you know I mean there's no way they can
catch it all there's no way and we when
you talk to Twitter or you talk to
Facebook or YouTube and you'll they'll
tell you the just just I want everyone
to just think about the idea that 7
billion people yeah let's be real
conservative potentially three billion
sure just three billion just three
billion people can all send something at
once at the speed of light Williams of
bits of information headed towards
YouTube or Twitter or Facebook I was
trying to catch it all some of its Nazis
and some of its frogs and Alex Jones bad
his name and they just everything's
flying it I don't know and then Congress
is like mr. Zuckerberg you know what
you're doing is like hold on let me
drink our water yeah yeah yeah uh mr.
senator yes we know what we're doing I
think I think mr. no there's no he's
doing also he's he's not he's not a monk
right he's not some scholar he's not a
genius he's not enlightened he's a guy
he's not a stupid guy he's a smart guy
but he's just a person just a human and
has an insane connection and insane he's
the CEO of one of the biggest groups on
the planet where people exchange
conversation which still hasn't verified
me an Instagram by the way let it remind
not because they're not saying follow up
only 7000 instagrams god that's my
weakest one bro
yeah edge the fuck up haha but but it's
also like Lucy Lucille Ball when she's
working at Chocolate Factory right she
the chocolates are coming out and then
they go faster and faster oh yeah yeah
you there's a certain point where you
you're not going to be able to process
this much information and scan it and
any filter and any filter by its nature
any color will tell you is going to be
imperfect and it's gonna weed out people
it doesn't want to weed out and and and
leave people in that you don't want to
leave it like any filters only as good
as its creator that's what I wanted
people to kind of understand from Jack
and he did a pretty good job of
explaining that and then saying that it
just shows you the problems with trying
to monitor these things at scale but the
thing I would say to Jack is one
workaround if someone is a high enough
platform where they're contributing like
the laws against obscenity the ruling
was if there's some cultural benefit
here it's not regardless of scene right
that's a blue pool if someone is big
enough in terms of their part of the
public conversation you should have a
manual person double check or triple
check before they're blocked you could
give them a warning explain why because
it's important but here's the question
bloggers for what well if there's got to
be rules when you are getting blocked if
you're threatening violence against
someone like you if you're sending like
dick pics to a reporter you should be
blocked I mean if you're if you have
you're putting up people's information
right daxing putting people's address
right you go to your home right telling
people you want to pay someone a hundred
dollars take the photo that you've got a
photo and video of someone who's not
giving me permission you're uploading in
and offering this is what that card yes
verified out that's crazy
so what sometimes does that work you ask
him I'm not jack how could that work I
don't know jack get it but he very
easily that people like that you should
tell them you could that will you be
banning if you're daxing people yes but
someone is doing a parody you could be
like take this down for XYZ reasons do
the thing is I think they tried to make
a differentiation between Daxing someone
and
threatening to dock someone this is how
they kept Kathy Griffin on write
remember when she was saying I want
names kids yeah who are these kids
you know imagine if they did and the
kids eventually all their information
did get wind up getting online but when
you watch the full video and you saw
what actually happened like god damn you
people have really I think I posted a
picture of myself holding up a bloody
Clinton Hillary Clinton head that I
wouldn't be banned mm-hmm
I'm not gonna find out but that's a big
deal and I don't even I don't that she
was obviously doing as a joke I didn't
find an offense if I think would be
funny if she was wearing a hijab while
she did the photo but the point is she
have no consequences on Twitter
none um yeah I think you would be banned
yeah almost positive you'd be banned
it's it for whatever reason it's more
disturbing to see a guy hold a woman's
head sure that's true um didn't see but
even if it was Obama the idea is that
like Kathy Griffin probably wouldn't be
able to cut Trump's head off like he'd
kick her ass he's a big dude if she you
know if she came at him with a knife I
mean she'd have to shoot him and then
cut his head off which I guess she could
do no she's got to use the palms all the
palm through the nose Thompson no this
nose bone in the brain would you do that
I'm just trying to like run the numbers
in my head there's a 126 million daily
users on Twitter how many people should
they hire remember when we're asking you
I know that's like I'm just remembering
I'm like that's going back over my head
like how that cue if someone could get
through a hundred a day if they could
get through a hundred a day spending
five minutes sure on each of them that's
500 minutes that's more than theirs
that's you can see manually there's no
way you can and I think it's smart use
the reporting system is smart yes like
some you're relying on the users to
report things that are at issue right
that's smart
but it falls victim to trolling because
then someone can just decide to attack
Jamie Vernon don't do it got trolls are
the worst do you have those fuck oh
that's you oh my goodness that's the bad
kind of trolling that's just being an
asshole dude we already did three hours
oh how how is that possible I'm just
adorable and charm I guess that's
something
something happened I'll go with that
that's good answer is any your book is
called the new right we barely talked
about it
um more stuff people to read yeah a
journey to the house the first 12 pages
inside joke a journey to the fringe of
American politics michael malice and
thank you brother thank you that was a
pleasure thank you bye everybody
[Music]
[Applause]